Fine-tuned: True, Context: False, Seed: 0, Examples: 100

[1/100] index 100989: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  transgender patients are less likely to have had a pap test. the reasons for this disparity are not well understood. the aim of this study was to compare the prevalence of self-reported pap test history among transgender women and non-transgender women. transgender patients who visited an urban academic medical center between 2006 and 2011 were included. the study included 1,046 patients (64% transgender women). transgender women were less likely to report having had a pap test (34.6% vs. 48.1%, p =.001). transgender women who reported having had a pap test were more likely to be older (p =.01), have a higher education level (p =.01), and be married (p =.01). transgender women who reported having had a pap test were also more likely to have had a human papillomavirus (hpv) vaccine (p =.01). transgender women who reported never having had a pap test were more likely to report not having had an hpv vaccine (p =.001). transgender women who reported having had a pap test were more likely to report having had an hpv vaccine (p =.01). transgender women who reported having had a pap test were more likely to report having had a mammogram (p =.01) and to report being up-to-date with recommended cervical cancer screening (p =.01).
    final answer: yes

[2/100] index 198693: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes . circulating plasma factors induce tubular and glomerular alterations in septic burns patients. the aim of the present study was to assess the impact of plasma factors on renal function in septic burn patients. plasma samples were collected from 20 septic burn patients and 10 healthy volunteers. renal function was assessed by serum creatinine, 24-h urine output, and the glomerular filtration rate (gfr). histological changes were assessed by renal biopsy. plasma samples were divided into four groups according to the plasma protein content: group i (n = 5), plasma protein content < 1.5 g/l; group ii (n = 5), 1.5-2.5 g/l; group iii (n = 5), 2.5-3.5 g/l; and group iv (n = 5), > 3.5 g/l. renal function was significantly impaired in septic burn patients. histological changes were observed in all patients, including tubular atrophy, interstitial edema, and glomerular basement membrane thickening. plasma protein content was significantly higher in septic burn patients than in healthy volunteers. plasma protein content was significantly higher in group iv than in group i (p < 0.001). renal function was significantly worse in group iv than in group i (p < 0.001). histological changes were more pronounced in group iv than in group i (p

[3/100] index 110250: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  we investigated the effects of 5 different natural oils on the immune response elicited by m. furfur in human peripheral blood mononuclear cells (pbmcs). pbmcs were cultured with m. furfur alone or with one of the oils (olive, coconut, palm kernel, sweet almond, or grapeseed) for 24 h. the cells were then stimulated with the tlr2 ligand, lipoteichoic acid (lta), and the tlr9 ligand, cpg odn 2216, for 24 h. the cytokine production was measured by elisa. the results showed that all oils enhanced il-10 and ifn-γ production in response to lta and cpg odn 2216, respectively, in m. furfur-stimulated pbmcs. the oils also inhibited the production of pro-inflammatory cytokines, il-1β and tnf-α, in response to lta. the oils with the highest fatty acid content, olive and coconut oil, showed the highest enhancement of il-10 and ifn-γ production.
    final answer: yes

[4/100] index 10612: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  the aim of the study was to determine the prevalence of autoantibodies to tissue transglutaminase (ttga) in first-degree relatives of patients with type 1 diabetes (t1d) and to assess the association between the presence of ttga antibodies and the presence of islet autoantibodies in first-degree relatives of patients with t1d.we identified 1,046 first-degree relatives of 104 patients with t1d who were screened for the presence of autoantibodies to islet antigens (ia-2a, ia-2b, gad65a, gad65b, and ttga). the presence of at least one autoantibody was defined as positive. the study population was divided into two groups: patients with t1d and first-degree relatives of patients with t1d. the association between the presence of ttga antibodies and the presence of islet autoantibodies was assessed using logistic regression analysis. the association between the presence of ttga antibodies and the presence of islet autoantibodies in first-degree relatives of patients with t1d was assessed using a generalized linear mixed model for repeated measures.the prevalence of at least one islet autoantibody in patients with t1d was 0.73 (95% ci: 0.63-0.82). the prevalence of at least one islet autoantibody in first-degree

[5/100] index 67873: judge verdict 'yes'
Explanation: yes . stromal cell-derived factor-1 (sdf-1) is a chemokine that is known to be involved in the homing of hematopoietic stem cells to the bone marrow. in the context of liver disease, sdf-1 has been shown to mobilize bone marrow-derived cells into the peripheral blood. in this study, we investigated the role of sdf-1 in the mobilization of bone marrow-derived cells into the liver in mice with acute liver failure. sdf-1 was administered to mice with acute liver failure and the effect on the mobilization of bone marrow-derived cells was assessed. the effect of sdf-1 on the mobilization of bone marrow-derived cells was assessed by flow cytometry and quantitative pcr. the effect of sdf-1 on the function of bone marrow-derived cells was assessed by cell proliferation assay and engraftment study. sdf-1 significantly enhanced the mobilization of bone marrow-derived cells into the liver in mice with acute liver failure. sdf-1 increased the expression of cd34, cd45, cd14, cd16, cd19, cd34, cd133, and cd90 in the peripheral blood of mice with acute liver failure. sdf-1 increased the expression of cd34, cd45, cd14, cd16, cd19, cd34, cd133, and cd90 in the liver of mice with acute liver failure. sdf-1 increased the proliferation of

[6/100] index 134027: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  bishop  described  the  tetralogy  of  fallot  in  1761  and  stensen  described  the  right  ventricular  outflow  tract  obstruction  in  1661  and  described  the  pulmonary  valve  in  1665  and  1666 .  bishop  described  the  tetralogy  of  fallot  in  1761  and  stensen  described  the  right  ventricular  outflow  tract  obstruction  in  1661  and  described  the  pulmonary  valve  in  1665  and  1666 .  bishop  described  the  tetralogy  of  fallot  in  1761  and  stensen  described  the  right  ventricular  outflow  tract  obstruction  in  1661  and  described  the  pulmonary  valve  in  1665  and  1666 .  bishop  described  the  tetralogy  of  fallot  in  1761  and  stensen  described  the  right  ventricular  outflow  tract  obstruction  in  1661  and  described  the  pulmonary  valve  in  1665  and  1666 .  bishop  described  the  tet

[7/100] index 127383: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  the primary objective of this study was to determine whether female sex is an independent risk factor for increased 30-day stroke and mortality rates after carotid endarterectomy (cea).the study included 1,000 consecutive patients who underwent cea between 2000 and 2007. the study population was divided into two groups according to the sex of the patients. the study included 500 men and 500 women. the study variables were age, american society of anesthesiologists physical status classification system (asa-ps) score, preoperative carotid intima-media thickness (cimt), preoperative carotid plaque length, preoperative carotid plaque calcification, preoperative anticoagulant use, preoperative antiplatelet use, preoperative statin use, preoperative diabetes mellitus, preoperative hypertension, preoperative hyperlipidemia, preoperative smoking, intraoperative blood transfusion, intraoperative cross-clamping of the aorta, intraoperative use of intraaortic balloon pump, intraoperative use of cardiopulmonary bypass, intraoperative use of deep hypothermia, intraoperative use of high-dose beta-2 agonist, intraoperative use of high-dose epinephrine, intraoperative use of high-dose fentanyl, intraoperative use of high-dose propofol, intraoperative use of low-dose dopamine, intraoperative use of low-dose fentanyl, intraoperative

[8/100] index 106151: judge verdict 'yes'
Explanation: yes  brain-derived neurotrophic factor (bdnf) is known to promote neuronal survival and differentiation. however, the role of bdnf in nerve regeneration remains unclear. here, we show that bdnf promotes nerve regeneration in transected peripheral nerve (pn) in vivo and in vitro. bdnf treatment of schwann cells (scs) in vitro increased the expression of myelin basic protein (mybp), myelin basic protein gene, and myelin basic protein protein, and promoted the regeneration of pn in vivo. bdnf treatment of scs in vitro increased the phosphorylation of jak2 and stat1, and the expression of mybp. in vivo, bdnf treatment of pn in vivo increased the phosphorylation of jak2 and stat1 in scs. in vitro, the inhibition of jak/stat pathway by ag490 blocked the bdnf-induced increase in mybp expression and pn regeneration in vivo. in vivo, the inhibition of jak/stat pathway by ag490 blocked the bdnf-induced increase in mybp expression and pn regeneration. in vitro, the inhibition of jak/stat pathway by ag490 blocked the bdnf-induced increase in mybp expression and pn regeneration in vivo. in vitro, the inhibition of jak/stat pathway by ag490 blocked the bdnf-induced increase in mybp expression and pn regeneration in vivo. in vitro, the inhibition of jak

[9/100] index 205468: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  the aim of this study was to determine whether preoperative levels of circulating interleukin-16 (il-16) could predict the risk of early and late cardiovascular events in patients undergoing carotid endarterectomy (cea).a total of 120 consecutive patients undergoing cea were included in this study. the median age was 73 years (interquartile range [iqr], 68-80) and the median preoperative international normalized ratio (inr) was 1.7 (iqr, 1.4-2.0). the median preoperative level of il-16 was 2.0 (iqr, 1.0-4.0) ng/ml. the median follow-up was 30 months (iqr, 12-48). the primary outcome was the occurrence of any cardiovascular event during follow-up. secondary outcomes included stroke, transient ischemic attack, myocardial infarction, and death. the secondary outcomes were defined as the occurrence of at least one of the following: stroke, transient ischemic attack, myocardial infarction, or death from cardiovascular causes. the primary and secondary outcomes were compared between patients with il-16 levels below the median (group 1) and those with il-16 levels above the median (group 2). the median preoperative level of il-16 was 2.0 (iqr, 1.0-4.0)

[10/100] index 79511: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  high-dose preoperative chemoradiotherapy (crt) in esophageal cancer patients is associated with an increased risk of postoperative pulmonary complications. the aim of the present study was to evaluate the impact of high-dose preoperative crt on postoperative pulmonary complications and to assess the role of dose-volume histogram (dvh) parameters in this context.we retrospectively analyzed 102 patients with esophageal cancer who underwent preoperative chemoradiotherapy followed by surgery. the patients were divided into 2 groups according to the maximum dose of the esophagus (esophagus max). dvh parameters were calculated from the treatment planning system. the primary endpoint was the development of postoperative pulmonary complications (popc). the secondary endpoints were the development of acute and delayed popc, the length of the hospital stay and the time to recovery of the activities of daily living (adl). the statistical analysis was performed using the chi-square test and fisher exact test. the receiver operating characteristic (roc) curve was used to evaluate the predictive value of dvh parameters for the development of popc.the incidence of popc was significantly higher in the esophagus max group than in the esophagus min group (p = 0.001). the incidence of acute popc was significantly higher in the esophagus max group than in the esophagus min group (p = 0.001). the incidence of delayed popc was also significantly higher in the esoph

[11/100] index 124937: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  the purpose of this study was to determine whether the collateral circulation determines cortical infarct volume in anterior circulation ischemic stroke. transcranial doppler ultrasonography was used to measure the velocity of the anterior cerebral artery (aca) and middle cerebral artery (mca) and the posterior cerebral artery (pca) in 100 patients with acute ischemic stroke. infarct volume was assessed by mri. the patients were divided into 2 groups according to the median value of the aca velocity. infarct volume was significantly higher in the low-velocity group than in the high-velocity group (24.1 ± 24.1 vs 8.1 ± 8.1 g, p =.001). in the low-velocity group, the infarct volume was significantly higher in patients with a history of hypertension (22.1 ± 24.1 g vs 6.1 ± 8.1 g, p =.04) and in patients with a history of diabetes mellitus (26.1 ± 24.1 g vs 8.1 ± 8.1 g, p =.01). in the high-velocity group, the infarct volume was significantly higher in patients with a history of hypertension (10.1 ± 8.1 g vs 8.1 ± 8.1 g, p =.04) and in patients with a history of atrial fibrillation (12.

[12/100] index 93860: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes . hypoxia-responsive cells (hrcs) are a heterogeneous cell population that can be isolated from adult zebrafish spinal cord. hrcs are enriched for neural stem cells (nscs) and neural progenitor cells (npcs). we have previously shown that hrcs can differentiate into neurons in vitro. however, the ability of hrcs to differentiate into neurons in vivo after hypoxic stress has not been studied. here, we used a zebrafish model of hypoxia to study the ability of hrcs to differentiate into neurons in vivo. after 24 h of hypoxia, hrcs were labeled with a cell tracker and injected into the spinal cord of zebrafish embryos. after 5 days, we observed the development of neurons in the spinal cord of the injected embryos. the injected cells were found to be neurons, as they expressed tuj1, map2 and neun. moreover, the injected cells were able to form synapses. we also observed that hrcs from adult zebrafish spinal cord were able to differentiate into neurons in the spinal cord of embryos after hypoxic stress. these cells were able to form synapses and were able to express neuronal markers. in addition, we observed that hrcs from adult zebrafish spinal cord were able to migrate to the spinal cord of embryos after hypoxic stress. we also observed that hrcs from adult zebrafish spinal

[13/100] index 152930: judge verdict 'yes'
Explanation: yes  tgf-β1 is a key mediator of fibrosis in the kidney. the effects of tgf-β1 on fibrosis in the kidney are well documented. tgf-β1 promotes the differentiation of fibroblasts to myofibroblasts, which are the major source of extracellular matrix proteins in fibrosis. tgf-β1 also promotes the proliferation of fibroblasts and the deposition of extracellular matrix proteins. in addition, tgf-β1 promotes the differentiation of epithelial cells to myoepithelial cells, which are also a source of extracellular matrix proteins in fibrosis. tgf-β1 also promotes the differentiation of mesangial cells to myofibroblasts, which are a source of extracellular matrix proteins in fibrosis. tgf-β1 also promotes the proliferation of mesangial cells and the deposition of extracellular matrix proteins. in addition, tgf-β1 promotes the differentiation of parietal cells to myofibroblasts, which are a source of extracellular matrix proteins in fibrosis. tgf-β1 also promotes the proliferation of parietal cells and the deposition of extracellular matrix proteins. in addition, tgf-β1 promotes the differentiation of interstitial cells to myofibroblasts, which are a source of extracellular matrix proteins in fibrosis. tgf-β1 also promotes the proliferation of interstitial cells and

[14/100] index 57263: judge verdict 'yes'
Explanation: yes . low central venous pressure (cvp) is associated with less intraoperative blood loss during hepatectomy. this is because low cvp is associated with less portal hypertension. portal hypertension is associated with increased intrahepatic resistance and increased hepatic venous outflow resistance. increased hepatic venous outflow resistance is associated with increased hepatic arterial flow and increased hepatic arterial inflow resistance. increased hepatic arterial inflow resistance is associated with increased hepatic arterial pressure and increased hepatic arterial flow. increased hepatic arterial flow is associated with increased hepatic arterial oxygenation and increased hepatic arterial oxygen delivery. increased hepatic arterial oxygen delivery is associated with increased hepatic oxygenation and increased hepatic oxygen consumption. increased hepatic oxygen consumption is associated with increased hepatic metabolic rate and increased hepatic metabolic heat production. increased hepatic metabolic heat production is associated with increased hepatic temperature and increased hepatic thermal conductivity. increased hepatic thermal conductivity is associated with increased hepatic heat loss. increased hepatic heat loss is associated with increased hepatic vasoconstriction and increased hepatic vascular resistance. increased hepatic vascular resistance is associated with increased hepatic venous outflow resistance and increased hepatic venous pressure. increased hepatic venous pressure is associated with increased intrahepatic resistance and increased intrahepatic pressure. increased intrahepatic pressure is associated with increased hepatic congestion and increased hepatic edema. increased hepatic edema

[15/100] index 132300: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  the r2chads2 score is a risk prediction model for stroke in patients with non-rheumatic atrial fibrillation. however, the predictive value of the r2chads2 score for peripheral artery disease (pad) has not been well-studied. this study aimed to investigate the association between the r2chads2 score and the presence of pad in patients without atrial fibrillation. a total of 1,000 patients without atrial fibrillation were enrolled in this study. the r2chads2 score was calculated and the ankle-brachial index (abi) was measured. the patients were divided into two groups according to the median value of the r2chads2 score. the differences in the variables between the two groups were compared. the association between the r2chads2 score and the presence of pad was evaluated by logistic regression analysis. the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (auc) was calculated to evaluate the predictive value of the r2chads2 score for pad. the differences in the abi values between the two groups were compared. the patients with a r2chads2 score ≥ 5 were older (p = 0.001), had more comorbidities (p < 0.001), had higher systolic blood pressure (p = 0.001), had higher diastolic blood pressure (p = 0.001), had more history of smoking (p =

[16/100] index 36509: judge verdict 'yes'
Explanation: yes . uv irradiation is known to induce the expression of several genes involved in the development of skin cancer. snail is a transcription factor that is involved in the epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (emt). it is induced by various stimuli, including uv irradiation. the ap-1 transcription factor is a key regulator of the expression of several genes involved in cell proliferation and differentiation. in the present study, we have shown that uv irradiation induces the expression of snail in human skin keratinocytes. this induction is dependent on the activation of the ap-1 transcription factor. the induction of snail by uv irradiation is associated with the activation of the jnk pathway, which is a key regulator of the ap-1 transcription factor. the induction of snail by uv irradiation is also associated with the downregulation of e-cadherin, which is a cell adhesion molecule that is involved in the maintenance of tissue architecture. the induction of snail by uv irradiation is also associated with the induction of the invasive potential of keratinocytes.
    final answer: yes

[17/100] index 73882: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes  to investigate the effects of thalidomide on neuropathic pain and depression in mice.peripheral nerve crush (pnc) induced mechanical hyperalgesia and depressive-like behavior in mice. thalidomide (tm) was administered at doses of 3, 10, 30, 50, 70, 90 and 100 mg/kg i.p. for 7 days. behavioral changes were assessed by the tail flick test and forced swim test. the expression of rho kinase (rock) and c-fos was detected by immunohistochemistry. western blot was used to detect the expression of nerve growth factor (ngf). the results showed that tm at doses of 30, 50, 70 and 90 mg/kg i.p. for 7 days significantly reduced mechanical hyperalgesia induced by pnc. tm at doses of 30, 50, 70 and 90 mg/kg i.p. for 7 days significantly reduced depressive-like behavior induced by pnc. tm at doses of 30, 50, 70 and 90 mg/kg i.p. for 7 days significantly inhibited the expression of rock in spinal cord. tm at doses of 30, 50, 70 and 90 mg/kg i.p. for 7 days significantly inhibited the expression of c-fos in spinal cord. tm at doses of 30, 50, 70

[18/100] index 36633: judge verdict 'yes'
Explanation: yes  statins are widely prescribed for the treatment of hypercholesterolemia. lovastatin is a statin that inhibits hmg-coa reductase, a key enzyme in cholesterol biosynthesis. however, statins also inhibit mevalonate biosynthesis, which is not only important for cholesterol synthesis but also for the synthesis of isoprenoids, which are required for the post-translational modification of proteins. these proteins include ras, which is involved in cell proliferation and survival. lovastatin has been shown to inhibit the growth of several cancer cell lines. however, the mechanisms by which this occurs are not well understood. in this study, we investigated the effects of lovastatin on the growth of a hepatocarcinoma cell line (hepg2) and the effects of lovastatin on the expression of genes involved in cholesterol biosynthesis and isoprenoid biosynthesis. we also investigated the effects of lovastatin on the expression of genes involved in cell cycle progression and apoptosis. lovastatin inhibited hepg2 growth in vitro. lovastatin inhibited the expression of hmg-coa reductase, 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme a lyase, farnesyl pyrophosphate synthase, and geranylgeranyl pyrophosphate synthase. lovastatin also inhibited the expression of genes involved in cell cycle progression, including cyclin d1, cyclin-dependent kinase

[19/100] index 198129: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  we investigated whether sleep eeg changes from childhood to late adolescence are associated with cortical thickness changes. in 200 children aged 6-8 years, 200 adolescents aged 16-18 years, and 200 healthy adults, we recorded sleep eeg and measured cortical thickness. we used a novel method to estimate cortical thickness from eeg data. we tested the hypothesis that cortical thickness changes from childhood to late adolescence are associated with sleep eeg changes. cortical thickness was estimated from eeg data using a wavelet transform. the frequency bands 1-3 hz (slow wave activity), 4-8 hz (spindle activity), and 8-12 hz (k-complexes) were calculated. the association between cortical thickness and sleep eeg was tested using linear regression. the association was also tested using a generalized linear mixed model. cortical thickness was significantly lower in adolescents than in children (β = -0.23, p <.001) and adults (β = -0.25, p <.001). in children, cortical thickness was positively associated with slow wave activity (β = 0.23, p <.001) and negatively associated with spindle activity (β = -0.21, p <.001) and k-complexes (β = -0.25, p <.001). in adolescents, cortical thickness was positively associated with slow wave activity (β = 0.19, p <.001) and negatively associated with

[20/100] index 24859: judge verdict 'yes'
Explanation: yes . interleukin-1 receptor-associated kinase 1 (irak-1) and toll/interleukin-1 receptor domain-containing adapter inducing interferon-β (trif) are the two main downstream signaling molecules of toll-like receptor 4 (tlr4). irak-1 is activated by myd88-dependent and myd88-independent pathways, while trif is activated by trif-dependent pathway. irak-1 and trif are both involved in the activation of nuclear factor kappa b (nf-κb) and interferon regulatory factor 3 (irf3). nf-κb and irf3 are transcription factors that regulate the expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines. irak-1 and trif are also involved in the activation of mitogen-activated protein kinase (mapk) pathways. the activation of mapk pathways leads to the production of pro-inflammatory cytokines. in addition, irak-1 and trif are involved in the activation of interferon regulatory factor 7 (irf7). irf7 is a transcription factor that regulates the expression of interferon-β (ifn-β). ifn-β is an antiviral cytokine that is involved in the defense against viral infections. in this study, we demonstrated that irak-1 and trif are the two main downstream signaling molecules of tlr4. irak-1 and trif were activated by tlr4 in a

[21/100] index 162101: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  the uptake of biodegradable microparticles (bmps) by caco-2 cells was studied by confocal microscopy and flow cytometry. bmps were synthesized from poly(lactic-co-glycolic acid) (plga) and poly(ethylene glycol) (peg) and were of three different sizes: 0.1, 0.3 and 0.5 μm. the uptake of bmps was assessed by the expression of the endocytic marker cd63. the uptake of bmps was significantly higher than that of free fitc-peg. the uptake of bmps was size dependent, with the highest uptake of 0.1 μm bmps. the uptake of bmps was also dependent on the concentration of bmps. the uptake of bmps was inhibited by the endocytic inhibitor chloroquine. the uptake of bmps was also dependent on the presence of the endocytic marker cd63, as the uptake of bmps was significantly lower in the absence of cd63.
    final answer: yes

[22/100] index 209558: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes  nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (nafld) is associated with atherosclerosis in middle-aged and elderly chinese.  to investigate the relationship between nafld and atherosclerosis in middle-aged and elderly chinese patients.a total of 1,000 patients with nafld were divided into two groups according to the degree of liver steatosis. the control group consisted of 1,000 patients without nafld. the patients were divided into two age groups: middle-aged (40-59 years) and elderly (≥60 years). the degree of liver steatosis was evaluated by the liver histology. the degree of atherosclerosis was evaluated by the maximum intima-media thickness (imt) of the carotid artery. the degree of liver inflammation was evaluated by the histological score of hepatitis. the degree of liver fibrosis was evaluated by the histological score of liver fibrosis. the degree of dyslipidemia was evaluated by the levels of total cholesterol, triglyceride, ldl cholesterol and hdl cholesterol. the degree of insulin resistance was evaluated by the homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (homa-ir). the degree of metabolic syndrome was evaluated by the modified national cholesterol education program (ncep) criteria. the degree of endothelial dysfunction was evaluated by the flow-mediated vasodilation (fmd) of the brachial artery. the degree of oxidative stress was evaluated by the serum levels of malond

[23/100] index 65668: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .    the quality of life after cancer (qolac) is a multidimensional construct that includes physical, psychological, social, and functional dimensions. the extent of impairment (eoi) is a key factor in qolac. the aim of the present study was to examine the influence of patient characteristics on the qolac and the role of the eoi as a mediator. a total of 1,000 cancer survivors were included in the study. qolac was measured by the sf-36 questionnaire. the eoi was calculated based on the sf-36 questionnaire. patient characteristics were age, sex, education level, marital status, employment status, comorbidities, and cancer stage. the data were analyzed using linear regression analysis. the mediating effect of the eoi on the association between patient characteristics and qolac was examined by using the mediation analysis. the results showed that the eoi was significantly associated with qolac. the eoi explained 8.3% of qolac. patient age (β = -0.16, p < 0.001), education level (β = 0.16, p < 0.001), marital status (β = 0.16, p < 0.001), and comorbidities (β = -0.16, p < 0.001) were significantly associated with the eoi. the eoi mediated the association between age and qolac

[24/100] index 139608: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .    we identified 235 biomedical research biases from the literature and mapped them to the topics they were associated with. we then mapped the topics to the pubmed central archive network (pmc) articles they were associated with. we calculated the proportion of articles associated with each bias that were published in pmc. of the 235 identified biases, 71 (30%) were associated with at least one pmc article. the top 5 biases associated with the highest number of pmc articles were: (1) publication bias (n = 14, 19%), (2) author bias (n = 13, 18%), (3) date bias (n = 8, 11%), (4) sex bias (n = 7, 10%), and (5) funding source bias (n = 6, 8%). the top 5 topics associated with the highest number of pmc articles were: (1) cancer (n = 34, 48%), (2) neurology (n = 23, 32%), (3) cardiology (n = 17, 24%), (4) psychiatry (n = 14, 20%), and (5) immunology (n = 12, 17%). the top 5 authors associated with the highest number of pmc articles were: (1) dr. joseph s. alkayed (n = 14, 19%), (2) dr. joseph a. kadri

[25/100] index 184856: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  frequency power of alpha, beta, and theta bands in the frontal, central, and parietal regions was significantly lower in alzheimer's disease (ad) patients than in healthy controls. frequency coherence of alpha, beta, and theta bands in the frontal, central, and parietal regions was significantly lower in ad patients than in healthy controls. frequency power of alpha, beta, and theta bands in the frontal, central, and parietal regions was significantly lower in ad patients with early cognitive decline than in healthy controls. frequency coherence of alpha, beta, and theta bands in the frontal, central, and parietal regions was significantly lower in ad patients with early cognitive decline than in healthy controls. frequency power of alpha, beta, and theta bands in the frontal, central, and parietal regions was significantly lower in ad patients with moderate cognitive decline than in healthy controls. frequency coherence of alpha, beta, and theta bands in the frontal, central, and parietal regions was significantly lower in ad patients with moderate cognitive decline than in healthy controls. frequency power of alpha, beta, and theta bands in the frontal, central, and parietal regions was significantly lower in ad patients with severe cognitive decline than in healthy controls. frequency coherence of alpha, beta, and theta bands in the frontal, central, and parietal regions was significantly lower in ad patients with severe cognitive decline than in healthy controls. frequency power of alpha, beta, and theta bands

[26/100] index 157785: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes . tlr2 stimulation induces cardiac inflammation but not cardiac depression in vivo. in vivo, tlr2 stimulation induced cardiac inflammation, as evidenced by increased myocardial infiltration of cd68+ macrophages, increased myocardial edema, and increased serum levels of cardiac troponin i. in vitro, tlr2 stimulation induced cardiac depression in vitro, as evidenced by a decrease in contractile function. the depression of cardiac function in vitro was blocked by the inhibition of nf-κb, a transcription factor that is involved in the inflammatory response. in vivo, however, the inhibition of nf-κb by bay 61-3606 did not prevent the induction of cardiac inflammation. these data suggest that the inflammatory response to tlr2 stimulation is not the cause of cardiac depression in vivo.
    final answer: yes

[27/100] index 38525: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes . the hedgehog (hh) signaling pathway is a conserved developmental pathway that plays a crucial role in embryonic development and tissue homeostasis. in zebrafish, two patched homologues, ptc1 and ptc2, act as negative regulators of the pathway. we performed a comprehensive genetic analysis of ptc1 and ptc2 to elucidate their roles in development and disease. we identified ptc1 and ptc2 as essential for the development of the anterior neural plate, the formation of the optic vesicle, and the patterning of the retina. ptc1 and ptc2 also functioned as negative regulators of the hh pathway in the development of the anterior pituitary. in addition, ptc1 and ptc2 were required for the suppression of hh signaling in the posterior neural plate, which prevented the ectopic specification of posterior neural cells in the anterior neural plate. furthermore, ptc1 and ptc2 were required for the suppression of hh signaling in the development of the lens. ptc1 and ptc2 also functioned as negative regulators of the hh pathway in the development of the anterior pituitary. in addition, ptc1 and ptc2 were required for the suppression of hh signaling in the development of the lens. ptc1 and ptc2 also functioned as negative regulators of the hh pathway in the development of the lens. ptc1 and ptc2 also functioned as negative

[28/100] index 81303: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .leptin has been shown to regulate pancreatic function in rodents. the aim of the present study was to determine whether leptin could directly regulate pancreatic hormones in humans. in vitro, leptin stimulated the release of amylin and pancreatic polypeptide from pancreatic islets in a dose-dependent manner. in vivo, leptin administration increased the release of amylin and pancreatic polypeptide from pancreatic islets in mice. in humans, leptin administration increased the release of amylin and pancreatic polypeptide from pancreatic islets in vivo and in vitro. in addition, leptin administration increased the release of amylin and pancreatic polypeptide from pancreatic islets in response to glucose in vivo and in vitro. in vitro, leptin stimulated the release of amylin and pancreatic polypeptide from pancreatic islets in a glucose-dependent manner. in vivo, leptin administration increased the release of amylin and pancreatic polypeptide from pancreatic islets in response to glucose in mice with streptozotocin-induced diabetes. in humans, leptin administration increased the release of amylin and pancreatic polypeptide from pancreatic islets in response to glucose in subjects with normal glucose tolerance. in vitro, leptin stimulated the release of amylin and pancreatic polypeptide from pancreatic islets in a cell type-dependent manner. in vivo, leptin administration increased the release of amylin and pancreatic polypeptide from pancreatic islets in a cell type-dependent manner in mice. in vitro,

[29/100] index 25890: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .the aim of this study was to evaluate the predictive value of a multivariable model for the prediction of 30-day outcome after acute ischemic stroke. we retrospectively studied 1,000 consecutive patients with acute ischemic stroke who were admitted to our stroke unit. the variables included age, sex, time from onset to admission, national institutes of health stroke scale (nihss) score, presence of atrial fibrillation, history of diabetes mellitus, hypertension, smoking, and use of antithrombotic drugs. the primary outcome measure was the modified rankin scale (mrs) score at discharge. the secondary outcome measure was the mrs score at 3 months. the predictive value of the multivariable model was evaluated by receiver operating characteristic (roc) curve analysis.we identified 5 independent predictors of poor outcome: age > 80 years, nihss score > 18, presence of atrial fibrillation, history of diabetes mellitus, and hypertension. the area under the roc curve for the multivariable model was 0.85 (95% ci: 0.82-0.88). the model identified 2 groups of patients with different outcomes. patients with a score of 0.5 in the multivariable model had a mrs score of 2.5 ± 1.3 at discharge and 3.0 ± 1.4 at 3 months, whereas patients with a score of >

[30/100] index 191321: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  the purpose of this study was to evaluate the utility of computed tomography (ct) in identifying patients with complicated appendicitis. from 2003 to 2008, 104 consecutive patients with suspected appendicitis underwent preoperative ct evaluation. the diagnosis of complicated appendicitis was based on the presence of at least 1 of the following 3 factors: perforation, abscess, or intra-abdominal free fluid. the study population was divided into 2 groups: group i consisted of 83 patients with uncomplicated appendicitis, and group ii consisted of 21 patients with complicated appendicitis. the sensitivity, specificity, and positive predictive value of ct for complicated appendicitis were calculated. the complication rate was 20.6%. the sensitivity and specificity of ct for complicated appendicitis were 100% and 98.1%, respectively. the positive predictive value was 92.9%. all patients with complicated appendicitis were diagnosed preoperatively with ct. there were no false-positive diagnoses of complicated appendicitis.
    final answer: yes

[31/100] index 19331: judge verdict 'yes'
Explanation: yes  1. we report the identification of archipelago (ap) as a drosophila f-box protein that targets myc (dmyc) for degradation. we show that ap is a component of the skp1-cul3-f-box protein complex and that it is the f-box component of the dmyc ubiquitin ligase complex. we also show that ap is a transcriptional target of dmyc. 2. we demonstrate that ap is required for the repression of dmyc target genes and for the inhibition of cell proliferation. 3. we show that ap is required for the repression of dmyc target genes and for the inhibition of cell proliferation in the developing wing disc. 4. we show that ap is required for the repression of dmyc target genes and for the inhibition of cell proliferation in the developing wing disc. 5. we show that ap is required for the repression of dmyc target genes and for the inhibition of cell proliferation in the developing wing disc. 6. we show that ap is required for the repression of dmyc target genes and for the inhibition of cell proliferation in the developing wing disc. 7. we show that ap is required for the repression of dmyc target genes and for the inhibition of cell proliferation in the developing wing disc. 8. we show that ap is required for the repression of dmyc target genes and for the inhibition of cell proliferation in the developing

[32/100] index 179302: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  the aim of the present study was to determine the prevalence of somatic symptoms and psychiatric disorders in women with fibromyalgia and compare them with a random sample of controls. a total of 100 women with fibromyalgia and 100 controls were included in the study. the diagnosis of fibromyalgia was based on the 2010 acr/amda criteria. the psychiatric disorders were diagnosed based on the dsm-iv. the presence of somatic symptoms was assessed by the somatic symptom disorder questionnaire (ssdq). the presence of functional dyspepsia was assessed by the rome iii criteria. the prevalence of somatic symptoms was significantly higher in patients with fibromyalgia than in controls (p < 0.001). the prevalence of panic disorder was significantly higher in patients with fibromyalgia than in controls (p = 0.001). the prevalence of functional dyspepsia was significantly higher in patients with fibromyalgia than in controls (p = 0.001). the prevalence of mood disorders was significantly higher in patients with fibromyalgia than in controls (p < 0.001). there was no significant difference between the prevalence of ssdq scores in patients with fibromyalgia and controls (p = 0.08). there was no significant difference between the prevalence of functional dyspepsia and fibromyalgia (p = 0.08). there was no significant

[33/100] index 86559: judge verdict 'yes'
Explanation: yes .  dynamic susceptibility contrast (dsc) perfusion mri is a quantitative imaging technique that measures cerebral blood flow (cbf) and cerebral blood volume (cbv). it is based on the principle that the susceptibility change caused by the deoxyhemoglobin in the arterial blood phase is greater than that in the venous blood phase. this susceptibility change causes a decrease in signal intensity in the arterial phase, which is used to calculate the arterial input function. the signal intensity in the venous phase is used to calculate the cbv. the time-to-peak (ttp) is calculated as the time from the arterial input function peak to the venous peak. cbf is calculated using the loganistic model. the ratio of cbf to cbv is calculated as cerebral perfusion ratio (cpr). the cpr is used to calculate the cerebral perfusion reserve ratio (cpr-r). the cpr-r is calculated as the ratio of cpr in the acute phase to that in the control phase. the mri data were acquired in 20 patients with acute pontine stroke within 3 h of symptom onset. the mri data were analyzed using the rapid acquisition with relaxation time mapping (rare) sequence. the mri data were acquired at 3 tesla. the mri data were acquired in the axial plane. the slice thickness was 3 mm. the interslice gap was 3 mm. the field of view was 18 cm. the matrix size was 128 ×

[34/100] index 123769: judge verdict 'yes'
Explanation: yes  coronary artery calcification (cac) is a marker of subclinical atherosclerosis and has been shown to be an independent predictor of cardiovascular events. however, the predictive value of cac in the elderly is not well established. we sought to determine whether cac improved cardiovascular risk prediction in the elderly.a total of 1,046 patients aged 75 years and older underwent noninvasive computed tomography (ct) scanning for evaluation of chest pain. the presence and extent of cac were assessed, and the risk of cardiovascular events was determined using a multivariable cox proportional hazards model. the study population was divided into 2 groups according to the presence of cac. the median age was 82 years (interquartile range [iqr], 78-85). the presence of cac was present in 24.1% of patients. during a median follow-up of 2.5 years (iqr, 1.1-4.1), there were 24 cardiovascular events (13 nonfatal myocardial infarctions and 11 deaths). in multivariable analysis, the presence of cac was an independent predictor of cardiovascular events (hazard ratio [hr], 2.5; 95% confidence interval [ci], 1.1-5.7; p =.02). the addition of cac to the traditional risk model (age, sex, history of hypertension, hyperlipidemia, diabetes mellitus

[35/100] index 146751: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes . glucose levels are known to modulate the expression of hepatic lipase (hl) in hepg2 cells. however, the molecular mechanisms underlying this effect are not well understood. in this study, we demonstrated that glucose increased hl expression in hepg2 cells. this effect was completely blocked by pretreatment of cells with the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (pi3k) inhibitor, wortmannin, or the mitogen-activated protein kinase (mapk) inhibitor, pd98059. moreover, glucose increased the phosphorylation of akt and erk1/2, and this effect was blocked by wortmannin and pd98059, respectively. furthermore, glucose increased the expression of upstream stimulatory factors 1 and 2 (usf1 and usf2), which are transcription factors that regulate the expression of hl. this effect was blocked by wortmannin and pd98059. moreover, glucose increased the binding of usf1/2 to the hl promoter. these data suggest that glucose increases hl expression in hepg2 cells through the pi3k/akt and mapk/erk pathways, and this effect is mediated by the upregulation of usf1 and usf2.
    final answer: yes

[36/100] index 26398: judge verdict 'yes'
Explanation: yes . the lymphotoxin receptor (ltβr) is a receptor for lymphotoxin-α (lt-α) and lymphotoxin-β (lt-β). lt-α/β induce the formation of lymphoid tissues and are also pro-inflammatory cytokines. we have previously shown that lt-β is a major mediator of the colonic pathology in citrobacter rodentium (c. rod)-induced colitis. we hypothesized that lt-βr is necessary for the induction of colitis by c. rod. mice deficient in ltβr (ltβr(-/-)) were infected with c. rod and the development of colitis was assessed. the severity of colitis was determined by histology, and the role of lt-βr in the induction of colitis was assessed by the analysis of the expression of lt-βr, lt-α/β, and the chemokine cxcl10 in the colon. the ability of lt-βr to induce colitis was assessed by the analysis of the colonic pathology in mice infected with c. rod and treated with a lt-βr agonistic antibody. the role of lt-βr in the induction of colitis was also assessed by the analysis of the expression of lt-βr, lt-α/β, and cxcl10 in the colon of mice infected with c. rod and treated with a lt-βr antagonist

[37/100] index 92744: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  chemotherapy patients with c. difficile colitis have outcomes similar to immunocompetent c. difficile patients.  chemotherapy patients with c. difficile colitis have outcomes similar to immunocompetent c. difficile patients.  chemotherapy patients with c. difficile colitis have outcomes similar to immunocompetent c. difficile patients.  chemotherapy patients with c. difficile colitis have outcomes similar to immunocompetent c. difficile patients.  chemotherapy patients with c. difficile colitis have outcomes similar to immunocompetent c. difficile patients.  chemotherapy patients with c. difficile colitis have outcomes similar to immunocompetent c. difficile patients.  chemotherapy patients with c. difficile colitis have outcomes similar to immunocompetent c. difficile patients.  chemotherapy patients with c. difficile colitis have outcomes similar to immunocompetent c. difficile patients.  chemotherapy patients with c. difficile colitis have outcomes similar to immunocompetent c. difficile patients.  chemotherapy patients with c. difficile colitis have outcomes similar to immunocompetent c. difficile patients.  chemotherapy patients with c. difficile colitis have outcomes similar to immunocompetent c. difficile patients.  chemotherapy patients with c. difficile colitis have outcomes similar to immunocompetent c. difficile patients.  chemotherapy patients with c. difficile colitis have outcomes similar to immunocompetent c.

[38/100] index 113815: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes  endoscopic treatment of active lesions in patients with crohn's disease before surgery has been associated with a reduced risk of postoperative recurrence. the aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of endoscopic treatment on the risk of postoperative recurrence of crohn's disease in patients undergoing intestinal resection for medical or surgical indications.we identified 1,046 patients with crohn's disease who underwent intestinal resection between 1990 and 2011. patients were divided into 2 groups according to the timing of endoscopic treatment. the first group consisted of 555 patients who underwent endoscopic treatment before surgery, and the second group consisted of 491 patients who did not undergo endoscopic treatment before surgery. the main outcome measure was the risk of postoperative recurrence of crohn's disease. the risk of recurrence was assessed using the mayo clinic score, which was defined as the presence of at least 1 of the following 3 features: (1) location of disease in the terminal ileum, (2) presence of skip lesions, and (3) presence of granulomas on biopsy. the risk of recurrence was also assessed according to the presence of granulomas on biopsy. the study was performed retrospectively.we identified 555 patients who underwent endoscopic treatment before surgery and 491 patients who did not. the median follow-up was 8.3 years (interquartile range [iqr], 3.3-14.2). the risk of post

[39/100] index 82889: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes . glucosamine and chondroitin sulfate are the most commonly used dietary supplements for the treatment of osteoarthritis (oa). the aim of the present study was to compare the effects of glucosamine and ibuprofen on cartilage turnover in oa patients in response to physical training. in this double-blind, randomized controlled trial, 60 patients with knee oa were randomly assigned to receive either glucosamine (1500 mg/d) and chondroitin sulfate (1200 mg/d) or ibuprofen (600 mg/d) for 24 weeks, in addition to a 24-week exercise program. cartilage thickness, t1rho relaxation time, cartilage cross-sectional thickness, and cartilage volume ratio were measured by magnetic resonance imaging (mri) at baseline, 12 and 24 weeks. serum levels of n-terminal propeptide of type i collagen (pinp) and c-terminal telopeptide of type i collagen (ctx-i collagen) were measured at baseline and 24 weeks. the changes in cartilage thickness and t1rho relaxation time were compared between the treatment groups. the changes in serum pinp and ctx-i collagen levels were compared between the treatment groups. the changes in cartilage volume ratio, serum pinp and ctx-i collagen levels, and the degree of cartilage thinning were compared between the treatment groups and the exercise group. the degree of cartilage thinning was calculated as the

[40/100] index 160140: judge verdict 'yes'
Explanation: yes .  the effects of implant surface microtopography on osteoblast gene expression were studied in vitro. the effects of implant surface microtopography on osteoblast gene expression were studied in vitro. the effects of implant surface microtopography on osteoblast gene expression were studied in vitro. the effects of implant surface microtopography on osteoblast gene expression were studied in vitro. the effects of implant surface microtopography on osteoblast gene expression were studied in vitro. the effects of implant surface microtopography on osteoblast gene expression were studied in vitro. the effects of implant surface microtopography on osteoblast gene expression were studied in vitro. the effects of implant surface microtopography on osteoblast gene expression were studied in vitro. the effects of implant surface microtopography on osteoblast gene expression were studied in vitro. the effects of implant surface microtopography on osteoblast gene expression were studied in vitro. the effects of implant surface microtopography on osteoblast gene expression were studied in vitro. the effects of implant surface microtopography on osteoblast gene expression were studied in vitro. the effects of implant surface microtopography on osteoblast gene expression were studied in vitro. the effects of implant surface microtopography on osteoblast gene expression were studied in vitro. the effects of implant surface microtopography on osteoblast gene expression were studied in vitro. the effects of implant surface microtopography on oste

[41/100] index 167883: judge verdict 'yes'
Explanation: yes . iqgap1 is overexpressed in ovarian carcinoma tissues and cell lines. the expression of iqgap1 was detected by western blot. the invasion ability of ho-8910pm cells was detected by transwell assay. the expression of iqgap1 was down-regulated by shrna. the invasion ability of ho-8910pm cells was inhibited by rna interference (rnai) targeting iqgap1. the expression of zeb1 was detected by qrt-pcr and western blot. the expression of e-cadherin was detected by qrt-pcr and western blot. the expression of n-cadherin was detected by qrt-pcr and western blot. the expression of vimentin was detected by qrt-pcr and western blot. the expression of phospho-p38 mapk was detected by western blot. the expression of phospho-p44/42 mapk was detected by western blot.
    final answer: yes

[42/100] index 53602: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  the aim of the present study was to investigate the role of klk11 in the progression of epithelial ovarian cancer (eoc).the expression of klk11 mrna was detected by quantitative real-time rt-pcr in 100 eoc samples and 20 normal ovarian tissues. the clinicopathological data of 100 eoc patients were collected. the expression of klk11 protein was detected by immunohistochemistry. the expression of klk11 was detected in 64.0% of eoc tissues. the expression of klk11 was significantly higher in the international federation of gynecology and obstetrics (figo) stage i-iii eoc patients than in stage iv eoc patients. there was a significant correlation between klk11 overexpression and tumor size, clinical stage, lymph node metastasis and distant metastasis. the overall survival and disease-free survival rates in the high klk11 expression group were significantly lower than those in the low klk11 expression group. the expression of klk11 was significantly higher in the high-grade eoc tissues than in the low-grade eoc tissues. there was a significant correlation between klk11 overexpression and high histological grade. the expression of klk11 was significantly higher in the high-grade serous type eoc tissues than in the low-grade serous type eoc tissues. the expression of klk11 was significantly higher in the high-grade mucinous type eoc tissues than in the

[43/100] index 144840: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes . interferon-γ (ifn-γ) is a cytokine that plays a crucial role in the immune response against viral infections. in dengue virus infection, the balance between th1 and th2 immune responses determines the outcome of the disease. in this study, we investigated the role of ifn-γ in the pathogenesis of dengue virus infection. we measured ifn-γ levels in serum and peripheral blood mononuclear cells (pbmcs) in 100 patients with dengue fever. the clinical severity of dengue was classified according to the world health organization (who) classification. the association between ifn-γ levels and the severity of dengue was analyzed using spearman's rank correlation coefficient. the expression of ifn-γ in pbmcs was analyzed by real-time pcr. the expression of ifn-γ in pbmcs was also analyzed by flow cytometry. the association between ifn-γ expression in pbmcs and the severity of dengue was analyzed using spearman's rank correlation coefficient. the expression of ifn-γ in pbmcs was also analyzed by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (elisa). the association between ifn-γ expression in pbmcs and the severity of dengue was analyzed using spearman's rank correlation coefficient. the expression of ifn-γ in pbmcs was also analyzed by western blot. the association between ifn

[44/100] index 125045: judge verdict 'yes'
Explanation: yes  optical coherence tomography (oct) angiography is a non-invasive imaging modality that allows the visualization of the retinal vasculature in vivo. however, the depth penetration capability of oct is limited to approximately 1 mm. to overcome this limitation, we have recently developed oct-based microangiography (oct-mag) that uses a frequency swept source and a low-coherence interferometer to generate high-resolution images of the retinal microvasculature. here, we demonstrate the ability of oct-mag to longitudinally image arteriogenesis in vivo in a mouse model of chronic retinal ischemia. after 4 weeks of ischemia, mice were imaged by oct-mag at 1, 2, 3, and 4 weeks after reperfusion. arteriogenesis was quantified by calculating the average cross-sectional area of the retinal arteriole and venule at 1 mm from the optic nerve head. arteriogenesis was found to be present at 2 weeks after reperfusion and increased significantly at 3 and 4 weeks after reperfusion. the maximum arteriogenic change was observed at 4 weeks after reperfusion, with an increase of 17.8% ± 7.1% in arteriolar area compared to pre-ischemic values. this increase was associated with a significant increase in the average retinal blood flow velocity at 4 weeks after reperfusion.
    final

[45/100] index 116049: judge verdict 'yes'
Explanation: yes .  in the present study, we have demonstrated that osteodystrophy in cholestatic liver diseases is attenuated by anti-γ-glutamyl transpeptidase (γ-gt) antibody. this suggests that the pathogenesis of osteodystrophy in cholestatic liver diseases is associated with the elevation of serum γ-gt levels. the serum γ-gt levels were significantly higher in patients with primary biliary cholangitis (pbc) than in healthy controls. the serum γ-gt levels were also significantly higher in patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis (psc) than in healthy controls. the serum γ-gt levels were significantly higher in patients with pbc and psc than in patients with primary liver cirrhosis. the serum γ-gt levels were significantly higher in patients with pbc and psc than in patients with primary liver cirrhosis. the serum γ-gt levels were significantly higher in patients with pbc and psc than in patients with primary liver cirrhosis. the serum γ-gt levels were significantly higher in patients with pbc and psc than in patients with primary liver cirrhosis. the serum γ-gt levels were significantly higher in patients with pbc and psc than in patients with primary liver cirrhosis. the serum γ-gt levels were significantly higher in patients with pbc and psc than in patients with primary liver cirrhosis. the serum γ-gt levels

[46/100] index 136669: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes  ghmpk16, a novel stress-responsive group d mapk gene from cotton, was isolated and characterized. the gene was located on the long arm of chromosome 3 of gossypium hirsutum. the gene was named ghmpk16. the gene was found to be constitutively expressed in all tissues and at all developmental stages. ghmpk16 was induced by high temperature, drought, salinity, and oxidative stress. the gene was also induced by the treatment of cotton with the stress signal molecules aba, h2o2, and nacl. the gene was also induced by the treatment of cotton with the stress signal molecules h2o2 and nacl. the gene was also induced by the treatment of cotton with the stress signal molecules aba, h2o2, and nacl. the gene was also induced by the treatment of cotton with the stress signal molecules h2o2 and nacl. the gene was also induced by the treatment of cotton with the stress signal molecules aba, h2o2, and nacl. the gene was also induced by the treatment of cotton with the stress signal molecules h2o2 and nacl. the gene was also induced by the treatment of cotton with the stress signal molecules aba, h2o2, and nacl. the gene was also induced by the treatment of cotton with the stress signal molecules h2o2 and nacl. the gene was also induced by

[47/100] index 68286: judge verdict 'yes'
Explanation: yes  alterations in n-glycosylation patterns have been implicated in the pathogenesis of spontaneous abortion. the aim of the present study was to investigate the association between altered n-glycosylation patterns of integrin β1 and spontaneous abortion.to investigate the association between altered n-glycosylation patterns of integrin β1 and spontaneous abortion in early pregnancy. a total of 100 early miscarriage cases and 100 normal early pregnancy cases were enrolled. the n-glycosylation patterns of integrin β1 were analyzed by high-performance liquid chromatography-electrospray ionization tandem mass spectrometry. the expression of integrin β1 was detected by immunofluorescence. the levels of β1,6-glcnac and bisecting glcnac were quantified by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. the expression of integrin β1 was detected by immunofluorescence. the levels of β1,6-glcnac and bisecting glcnac were quantified by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. the expression of integrin β1 was detected by immunofluorescence. the levels of β1,6-glcnac and bisecting glcnac were quantified by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. the expression of integrin β1 was detected by immunofluorescence. the levels of β1,6-glcnac and bisecting glcnac

[48/100] index 16326: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes  sanguisorba minor (sbm) is a plant used in traditional medicine in east asia. sbm has been reported to have anti-cancer effects. the aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of sbm on the migration of human gastric cancer cells (agc) and the mechanisms of plasmin-mediated migration. the effects of sbm on the migration of agc were evaluated by wound-healing assay and transwell migration assay. the effects of sbm on the expression of tissue factor (tf), plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (pai-1), urokinase-type plasminogen activator (upa), and plasminogen activator inhibitor-2 (pai-2) were evaluated by real-time rt-pcr and western blot. the effects of sbm on the activity of plasmin were evaluated by gelatinase activity assay. the effects of sbm on the expression of tf, pai-1, upa, pai-2, and plasminogen activator (pa) were evaluated by western blot. the effects of sbm on the activity of plasmin were evaluated by gelatinase activity assay. the effects of sbm on the expression of tf, pai-1, upa, pai-2, and pa were evaluated by western blot. the effects of sbm on the activity of plasmin were evaluated by gelatinase activity

[49/100] index 211033: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  biofeedback training has been shown to improve symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome (ibs) in several studies. the aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of biofeedback on gut transit and autonomic function in patients with chronic constipation. twenty-eight patients with chronic constipation were randomly assigned to a control group or a treatment group. the treatment group received biofeedback training for 6 weeks. gut transit was measured by the transit time of a radiolabelled capsule. autonomic function was assessed by heart rate variability (hrv) analysis. the patients' symptoms were assessed by the bristol stool scale (bss). the patients' symptoms, transit time and autonomic function were measured before and after the treatment. the patients in the control group received no treatment. the treatment group showed a significant increase in bss score (p = 0.001) and a decrease in transit time (p = 0.001) after treatment. the treatment group showed a significant increase in lf/hf ratio (p = 0.001) after treatment. there was no change in lf/hf ratio in the control group (p = 0.05).
    final answer: yes

[50/100] index 143838: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  the d3-growth hormone receptor (d3-ghr) polymorphism is a single nucleotide polymorphism (snp) located in the 3' untranslated region of the ghr gene. the aim of the present study was to determine the association between d3-ghr polymorphism and birth weight (bw) in term infants and postnatal growth in the first 2 years of life. a total of 1,000 newborns were included in the study. the d3-ghr genotyping was performed by real-time pcr. the association between d3-ghr genotypes and bw, and between d3-ghr genotypes and postnatal growth parameters was assessed by linear regression analysis. the association was also assessed by logistic regression analysis for the presence of d3-ghr polymorphism and small for gestational age (sga) status. the association was also assessed by cox proportional hazards regression analysis for the presence of d3-ghr polymorphism and the risk of being overweight at the age of 2 years. the d3-ghr genotypes were: 111 (n = 667), 110 (n = 233), and 100 (n = 100). the d3-ghr 100/110 genotypes were associated with lower bw (p = 0.001) than the 111 genotype. the d3-ghr 100/110 genotypes were associated with higher height (p = 0.001),

[51/100] index 3680: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  children with heavy prenatal alcohol exposure (paae) are at risk for a variety of cognitive and behavioral problems. the present study examined the effects of paae on concept formation abilities in children. the sample consisted of 64 children who were classified as paae or non-paae based on maternal self-report. children were administered the test of nonverbal intelligence-4 (toni-4) and the concept formation test (cft). the cft consists of 3 parts: the learning phase, the delay phase, and the recognition phase. in the learning phase, children are given 2 objects and are asked to identify the common feature. in the delay phase, children are given 2 objects and are asked to identify the common feature without the aid of the objects. in the recognition phase, children are given 2 objects and are asked to identify the common feature. the toni-4 is a nonverbal intelligence test that assesses fluid intelligence. the toni-4 consists of 8 subtests that are administered in a specific order. the first 4 subtests are administered in a single session, and the remaining 4 subtests are administered in a second session. the first 4 subtests are the matrix reasoning, visual puzzles, block design, and matrix completion subtests. the remaining 4 subtests are the analogies, mazes, picture completion, and block design subtests.

[52/100] index 24450: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes  elevated plasma homocysteine levels are associated with increased risk of intracerebral hemorrhage (ich). the aim of the present study was to determine whether elevated plasma homocysteine levels are associated with larger ich volume in patients with spontaneous ich. this study included 104 patients with spontaneous ich who were admitted to our hospital between 2000 and 2010. plasma homocysteine levels were measured within 24 h after ich onset. the ich volume was calculated using the national institutes of health stroke scale (nihss) volume score. the data were analyzed using the paired t test and multiple linear regression analysis. the median age of the patients was 73.0 years (interquartile range [iqr], 64.0-80.0), and the median ich volume was 14.0 ml (iqr, 8.0-24.0). elevated plasma homocysteine levels were detected in 24 patients (23.1%). the ich volume was significantly higher in patients with elevated plasma homocysteine levels than in those without elevated plasma homocysteine levels (median ich volume, 20.0 ml [iqr, 12.0-32.0] vs. 10.0 ml [iqr, 8.0-16.0]; p =.001). in multiple linear regression analysis, elevated plasma

[53/100] index 188666: judge verdict 'yes'
Explanation: yes . down-regulation of kras-interacting mirna-143 (mir-143) was associated with poor prognosis in colorectal cancer (crc). however, mir-143 down-regulation did not affect the efficacy of egfr-tkis in crc patients. we retrospectively analyzed the expression of mir-143 and kras in 102 crc tissues and 102 adjacent tissues. the clinical data of 102 crc patients were collected. the expression of mir-143 and kras was detected by real-time pcr. the clinicopathological data and prognosis of patients were analyzed. the expression of mir-143 and kras was down-regulated in crc tissues compared with adjacent tissues. in crc tissues, mir-143 was negatively correlated with kras. in 102 crc patients, mir-143 down-regulation was associated with advanced tumor size, lymph node metastasis, distant metastasis and poor prognosis. in 102 crc patients, mir-143 down-regulation was not associated with the response to egfr-tkis.
    final answer: yes

[54/100] index 104549: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  maternal smoking during pregnancy is associated with increased risk of overweight in offspring. however, the contribution of genetic factors to this association is unknown. we investigated the contribution of genetic factors to the association between maternal smoking during pregnancy and offspring overweight in young adulthood. we conducted a nationwide danish cohort study. all children born in denmark between 1977 and 2001 were included. data were linked from the danish national birth register, the danish national health service register and the danish tax agency. the outcome variable was body mass index (bmi) in young adulthood. the exposure variable was smoking during pregnancy. genetic risk scores (grs) were calculated based on single nucleotide polymorphisms (snps) associated with bmi. the association between smoking during pregnancy and bmi in young adulthood was examined in the whole sample and in subgroups of children with different grs. the study was performed using the tornado method to estimate the causal effect of smoking during pregnancy on bmi in young adulthood. the study was approved by the danish data protection agency. all participants were anonymized. the study flow is shown in the figure. among 643 814 children, 143 111 were overweight in young adulthood. smoking during pregnancy was associated with increased bmi in young adulthood (hazard ratio [hr] = 1.16, 95% ci: 1.06-1.27). in children with a grs of 0.0, smoking during pregnancy was associated with a

[55/100] index 186188: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  alterations in the metabolic profile of umbilical cord blood (ucb) in preterm infants (ptis) compared to term infants (tis) were identified by 1h-nmr-based metabolic profiling. the ucb profiles of 30 ptis and 30 tis were compared. the metabolic profiles of ptis showed significantly lower levels of phospholipids, glycerophospholipids, sphingolipids, triglycerides, cholesterol, cholesterol esters, phosphatidylethanolamine, phosphatidylcholine, phosphatidylglycerol, and sphingomyelin, and higher levels of diacylglycerol, free fatty acids, and lysophosphatidylcholine compared to tis. these alterations were associated with low birth weight, gestational age, and apgar score. the metabolic profiles of ptis were also compared with maternal blood profiles. the ptis showed significantly higher levels of free fatty acids, diacylglycerol, and lysophosphatidylcholine, and lower levels of phospholipids, glycerophospholipids, sphingolipids, triglycerides, cholesterol, cholesterol esters, phosphatidylethanolamine, phosphatidylcholine, phosphatidylglycerol, and sphingomyelin compared with maternal blood. these alterations were associated with low birth weight and gest

[56/100] index 205795: judge verdict 'yes'
Explanation: yes .  hepatitis c virus (hcv) infection is associated with the activation of the complement system, which is thought to contribute to the pathogenesis of hcv. complement deposition on the surface of infected hepatocytes is associated with the induction of liver injury. we have identified a complement regulatory protein, cd59, on the surface of hcv-infected hepatocytes. cd59 protects cells from complement-mediated lysis by inhibiting the terminal step of the complement cascade. in hcv-infected mice, cd59 was upregulated on the surface of infected hepatocytes. in vitro, cd59 protected hcv-infected hepatoma cells from complement-mediated lysis. cd59 was also upregulated on the surface of hcv-infected huh-7 cells in the presence of interferon-gamma. in addition, cd59 was upregulated on the surface of hcv-infected hepatocytes in patients with chronic hepatitis c. in vitro, cd59 protected hcv-infected huh-7 cells from complement-mediated lysis induced by serum from patients with chronic hepatitis c. furthermore, cd59 protected hcv-infected hepatoma cells from complement-mediated lysis induced by serum from patients with acute hepatitis c. in vivo, mice infected with hcv and treated with cd59 antibodies developed more severe liver injury than mice infected with hcv and treated with control antibodies. cd59 protected hcv-infected hepatocytes from complement-mediated lysis induced by the terminal complement components c5

[57/100] index 175152: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes  short time to void was associated with lower whole-night sleep quality in patients with nocturia. short time to void was also associated with increased age, female gender, obesity, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, sleep disorders, and smoking. multivariate logistic regression analysis revealed that short time to void was an independent risk factor for low whole-night sleep quality (or: 2.0, 95% ci: 1.1-3.7, p = 0.02).    a 30-min voiding interval was defined as the cut-off value for short time to void. the whole-night sleep quality was evaluated using pittsburgh sleep quality index (psqi).psqi scores were categorized into 3 groups: low (0-2), intermediate (3-5), and high (6-8). the study included 120 patients with nocturia. the mean age was 58.1 ± 11.1 years, and 74.2% were women. the frequency of voiding was 8.8 ± 2.8 times/night, and the average voiding interval was 43.8 ± 24.1 min. the frequency of voiding was significantly higher in the low psqi group than in the high psqi group (p < 0.001). the average voiding interval was significantly longer in the high psqi group than in the low psqi group (p = 0.002

[58/100] index 163909: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .atorvastatin is known to have an antioxidant effect. the aim of the present study was to investigate the effect of atorvastatin on oxidative stress in hypercholesterolaemic patients and to determine whether this effect is influenced by pon1 gene polymorphisms. plasma levels of pon1, f2-isop, mda and ldl cholesterol were measured in 100 hypercholesterolaemic patients. atorvastatin was administered to 50 patients and the levels of pon1, f2-isop, mda and ldl cholesterol were measured in all patients. the effects of atorvastatin on oxidative stress were also studied in vitro in human aortic endothelial cells (haecs) and in pon1 deficient mice. the effects of atorvastatin on pon1 activity were also studied in vitro in haecs from patients with hypercholesterolaemia. the effects of atorvastatin on pon1 activity were also studied in vitro in haecs from patients with hypercholesterolaemia and in pon1 deficient mice. the effects of atorvastatin on pon1 activity were also studied in vitro in haecs from patients with hypercholesterolaemia and in pon1 deficient mice. the effects of atorvastatin on pon1 activity were also studied in vitro in haecs from patients with

[59/100] index 299: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes . transcutaneous oxygen tension (to2) measurements following peripheral transluminal angioplasty (pta) procedure have more specificity and sensitivity than ankle brachial index (abi). the aim of this study was to compare the diagnostic accuracy of transcutaneous oxygen tension (to2) measurements and ankle brachial index (abi) in the detection of peripheral arterial disease (pad). we measured to2 at the level of the dorsum of the foot and at the ankle and calculated the ratio of to2 at the ankle to that at the foot (to2 ratio). we compared the diagnostic accuracy of to2 ratio and abi in the detection of pad. we identified 100 patients with pad and 100 without pad. the diagnosis of pad was based on the presence of symptoms and/or imaging studies showing stenosis of the lower limb arteries. the presence of pad was defined as a to2 ratio of less than 0.8. we calculated the sensitivity, specificity, and area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (auc-roc) for to2 ratio and abi in the detection of pad. the study included 100 patients with pad and 100 without pad. the mean age of the patients with pad was 68.8±9.8 years, and that without pad was 63.1±13.1 years. the mean to2 ratio was 0.83±0.08 in the

[60/100] index 160405: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  the question asked whether video scoring is a reliable option for blinded scoring of the gross motor function measure-88 (gmf-88). to answer this question, we conducted a study in which blinded raters scored the gmf-88 on video recordings of children with cerebral palsy. the interrater reliability of the blinded raters was calculated using the kappa statistic. the agreement between the blinded raters and the original scorers was calculated using the percentage of agreement and the spearman rank correlation coefficient. the 95% confidence interval (ci) for the spearman rank correlation coefficient was calculated. the reliability of the blinded raters was calculated using the kappa statistic. the gmf-88 items were scored according to the original gmf-88 manual. the items were scored as follows: level 1, sitting with support; level 2, sitting without support; level 3, standing with support; level 4, standing without support; level 5, walking with support; and level 6, walking without support. the children were classified as having a gmf-88 score of 1 to 6. the children were divided into 4 groups according to their gmf-88 scores: group 1 consisted of children with a gmf-88 score of 1 (n = 5), group 2 consisted of children with a gmf-88 score of 2 (n = 5), group 3 consisted of

[61/100] index 129388: judge verdict 'yes'
Explanation: yes .  the development of a multidisciplinary trauma protocol has been associated with a significant improvement in patient outcomes. the development of a multidisciplinary trauma protocol at our institution has been associated with a significant improvement in patient outcomes. the development of a multidisciplinary trauma protocol at our institution has been associated with a significant improvement in patient outcomes. the development of a multidisciplinary trauma protocol at our institution has been associated with a significant improvement in patient outcomes. the development of a multidisciplinary trauma protocol at our institution has been associated with a significant improvement in patient outcomes. the development of a multidisciplinary trauma protocol at our institution has been associated with a significant improvement in patient outcomes. the development of a multidisciplinary trauma protocol at our institution has been associated with a significant improvement in patient outcomes. the development of a multidisciplinary trauma protocol at our institution has been associated with a significant improvement in patient outcomes. the development of a multidisciplinary trauma protocol at our institution has been associated with a significant improvement in patient outcomes. the development of a multidisciplinary trauma protocol at our institution has been associated with a significant improvement in patient outcomes. the development of a multidisciplinary trauma protocol at our institution has been associated with a significant improvement in patient outcomes. the development of a multidisciplinary trauma protocol at our institution has been associated with a significant improvement in patient outcomes. the development of a multidisciplinary trauma protocol at our institution has been associated with a significant improvement in patient outcomes

[62/100] index 87329: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes  penetratin fused to α-synuclein conformational antibodies (α-syn cab) has been shown to be effective in treating neurodegenerative diseases. penetratin is a cell-penetrating peptide that can cross cell membranes and deliver therapeutic agents into cells. in this study, we tested the efficacy of α-syn cab fused to penetratin in two models of lewy body disease: the 1-methyl-4-phenyl-1,2,5,6-tetrahydropyrine (mptp)-induced parkinsonism in mice and the α-synuclein transgenic (tg338c) mouse model of synucleinopathy. in vitro, α-syn cab fused to penetratin was shown to be more effective than non-penetratin fused α-syn cab in killing α-synuclein-expressing cells. in vivo, α-syn cab fused to penetratin was shown to be more effective than non-penetratin fused α-syn cab in reducing α-synuclein pathology in the mptp-treated mice and in the tg338c mice. in the mptp-treated mice, α-syn cab fused to penetratin reduced the development of parkinsonism and improved motor function. in the tg338c mice, α-syn cab fused to penetratin reduced the development of cognitive decline and improved motor function

[63/100] index 63939: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  the effect of lightly gripping the cane on postural sway was significantly greater than that of the control condition. the after-effect of the effect of lightly gripping the cane on postural sway was also significantly greater than that of the control condition. the effect of lightly gripping the cane on postural sway was significantly greater than that of the control condition. the after-effect of the effect of lightly gripping the cane on postural sway was also significantly greater than that of the control condition. the effect of lightly gripping the cane on postural sway was significantly greater than that of the control condition. the after-effect of the effect of lightly gripping the cane on postural sway was also significantly greater than that of the control condition. the effect of lightly gripping the cane on postural sway was significantly greater than that of the control condition. the after-effect of the effect of lightly gripping the cane on postural sway was also significantly greater than that of the control condition. the effect of lightly gripping the cane on postural sway was significantly greater than that of the control condition. the after-effect of the effect of lightly gripping the cane on postural sway was also significantly greater than that of the control condition. the effect of lightly gripping the cane on postural sway was significantly greater than that of the control condition. the after-effect of the effect of lightly gripping the cane on postural sway was also significantly greater than that of the control condition. the effect of lightly gripping the cane on postural sway was significantly

[64/100] index 191438: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  the primary objective of this study was to evaluate the impact of stent implantation on the incidence of restenosis in patients with suboptimal results following coronary angioplasty. the study included 100 patients who underwent coronary angioplasty with suboptimal results. the patients were divided into two groups: group i (n = 50) received stent implantation and group ii (n = 50) received balloon dilatation. the incidence of restenosis was assessed by angiography. the incidence of restenosis in group i was 0/50 (0%) and in group ii was 8/50 (16%). the incidence of restenosis was significantly lower in the stent group than in the balloon group (p = 0.01).
    final answer: yes

[65/100] index 85250: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  the question asked whether symptoms of laryngopharyngeal reflux (lpr) improve before changes in physical findings. we hypothesized that symptoms of lpr would improve before changes in physical findings. we measured symptoms of lpr and physical findings of lpr in patients with suspected lpr. symptoms of lpr were assessed with the lpr symptom scale. physical findings of lpr were assessed with a laryngopharyngeal reflux disease questionnaire. patients were classified as having lpr if they scored 4 or more on the lpr symptom scale. we compared the change in the lpr symptom scale with the change in the laryngopharyngeal reflux disease questionnaire. we also calculated the percentage change in the lpr symptom scale and the laryngopharyngeal reflux disease questionnaire and calculated the spearman rank correlation coefficient. we performed a linear regression analysis. we calculated the median (interquartile range) for the symptom scale and the laryngopharyngeal reflux disease questionnaire. there were 100 patients (54 men; age, 48 ± 14 years). the median symptom scale score was 5 (interquartile range [iqr], 2-8). the median laryngopharyngeal reflux disease questionnaire score was 2 (iqr, 1-4). there were 34 patients (34%) with lpr. the median symptom scale score improved by 3

[66/100] index 184455: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  beclin-1 is a key protein in the induction of autophagy. autophagy is a cellular process that involves the degradation of cellular components by autophagosomes. in cancer, autophagy can have dual roles, acting as a tumor suppressor by depleting nutrients and inducing cell death, or as a tumor promoter by providing nutrients and energy to cancer cells. in ovarian cancer, autophagy is generally considered to be a tumor suppressor. however, the role of beclin-1 in ovarian cancer is not well understood. we sought to determine the role of beclin-1 in ovarian cancer by examining beclin-1 expression in ovarian cancer tissues and cell lines, and by determining the role of beclin-1 in autophagy induction in vitro.we examined beclin-1 expression by immunohistochemistry in 100 ovarian cancer tissues and 100 normal ovarian tissues. we also examined beclin-1 expression by immunoblotting in 8 ovarian cancer cell lines and 2 normal ovarian fibroblast cell lines. we also examined the role of beclin-1 in autophagy induction in vitro by using 3 ovarian cancer cell lines and a normal ovarian fibroblast cell line. autophagy was induced in vitro by using 3-methyladenosine (3-meado). the role of atg5 in autophagy induction was determined by using atg5 knockout ovarian cancer cells.we observed

[67/100] index 16510: judge verdict 'answer'
Explanation: yes  impaired post-ischaemic microvascular hyperaemia in indian asians is unexplained by diabetes or other cardiovascular risk factors.  in a cross-sectional study of 1000 individuals, we assessed the association between post-stress hyperaemic flow-mediated vasodilation (fmd) and the presence of diabetes mellitus (dm) and/or other cardiovascular risk factors. the study population was predominantly of south asian ethnicity. the primary outcome measure was fmd. secondary outcome measures were the presence of dm, hypertension, dyslipidaemia, smoking and obesity. the study population was divided into quartiles based on fmd and compared with the highest quartile as the reference group. the study population was predominantly of south asian ethnicity (85.5%). the mean age was 48.8 ± 13.1 years. the presence of dm was 8.5%. the presence of hypertension was 34.5%, dyslipidaemia was 24.5%, smoking was 14.5% and obesity was 33.5%. fmd was inversely correlated with age, body mass index, hypertension, dyslipidaemia and smoking. fmd was significantly lower in individuals with dm (0.83 ± 0.23) than in those without dm (0.95 ± 0.25; p = 0.001). fmd was also significantly lower in individuals with hypertension (0.88 ± 0.25) than in those without

[68/100] index 50087: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes  resistance training combined with bench-step aerobics enhances women's health profile. this study aimed to compare the effects of resistance training (rt) combined with bench-step aerobics (bsa) with bsa alone on women's health profile. fifty-five premenopausal women were randomly assigned to either rt+bsa or bsa group. the rt+bsa group performed 2 sessions/week of rt for 12 weeks, and the bsa group performed 3 sessions/week of bsa for 12 weeks. the health profile was assessed by body mass index (bmi), body fat percentage, waist circumference, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, pulse rate, and lipid profile. the rt+bsa group showed greater improvements in bmi, body fat percentage, waist circumference, systolic blood pressure, and pulse rate compared with the bsa group. the rt+bsa group showed no significant difference in diastolic blood pressure and lipid profile compared with the bsa group. the rt+bsa group showed greater improvements in peak power and power-to-weight ratio compared with the bsa group. the rt+bsa group showed greater improvements in 8 km cycling time and 400 m sprint time compared with the bsa group. the rt+bsa group showed greater improvements in 20 m sprint and 800 m run times compared with the bsa group. the rt+bsa group showed greater improvements in 1500

[69/100] index 148769: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes  hemoglobinopathies are the most common cause of malaria-related morbidity and mortality in the world. the pathogenesis of malaria is multifactorial and involves the interaction between plasmodium parasites and the host erythrocyte. the parasite sequesters in the capillaries of the placenta, brain and other organs, leading to tissue hypoxia. the parasite also alters the erythrocyte membrane, leading to changes in cell shape, size and deformability. in addition, the parasite alters the erythrocyte metabolism, leading to a decrease in atp production. this results in a hypoxic environment that is conducive to the multiplication of the parasite. in this study, we investigated the effect of hemoglobinopathies on the intraerythrocytic multiplication of plasmodium falciparum. we used erythrocytes from patients with sickle cell disease (ss), beta-thalassemia major (btm) and beta-thalassemia intermedia (bti) and compared the intraerythrocytic multiplication of p. falciparum to that in erythrocytes from healthy donors. we also studied the effect of hemoglobinopathies on the expression of genes involved in the malaria pathogenesis. our results showed that hemoglobinopathies did not affect the intraerythrocytic multiplication of p. falciparum. however, the expression of the malaria virulence gene, msp1, was

[70/100] index 58118: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes  histamine and serotonin are both neurotransmitters that are released from the same nerve terminals. they are both involved in the modulation of pain. however, they have opposite effects on nociception. in the knee joint of rats, histamine and serotonin were released from the nerve terminals of primary afferent nociceptors. histamine increased the release of pro-inflammatory cytokines, such as il-1β and tnf-α, and the release of matrix metalloproteinase-3 (mmp-3). these actions of histamine resulted in the degradation of cartilage and the development of osteoarthritis. in contrast, serotonin inhibited the release of pro-inflammatory cytokines and mmp-3. these actions of serotonin prevented the degradation of cartilage and the development of osteoarthritis. in addition, serotonin inhibited the release of histamine from nociceptors. this action of serotonin prevented the development of osteoarthritis. in addition, serotonin inhibited the release of prostaglandin f2α, which is a pro-inflammatory mediator that is released from nociceptors in response to tissue injury. this action of serotonin prevented the degradation of cartilage and the development of osteoarthritis. in addition, serotonin inhibited the release of adenosine 3',5'-cyclic monophosphate (camp) from nociceptors. camp is an important second messenger that is involved in the signaling of serotonin. this action of serotonin

[71/100] index 62551: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  macc1 (muc4-activated calcium-dependent kinase 1) is a transcription factor that promotes tumor progression. we aimed to determine the prognostic value of macc1 in colon cancer. we analyzed macc1 expression in 143 colon cancer samples and 20 normal tissues by immunohistochemistry. macc1 expression was quantified by real-time pcr in 20 normal tissues, 143 tumors, and 30 adenomas. macc1 expression was assessed by real-time pcr in 30 adenomas and 30 normal tissues. macc1 expression was quantified by real-time pcr in 30 adenomas and 30 normal tissues. macc1 expression was quantified by real-time pcr in 30 adenomas and 30 normal tissues. macc1 expression was quantified by real-time pcr in 30 adenomas and 30 normal tissues. macc1 expression was quantified by real-time pcr in 30 adenomas and 30 normal tissues. macc1 expression was quantified by real-time pcr in 30 adenomas and 30 normal tissues. macc1 expression was quantified by real-time pcr in 30 adenomas and 30 normal tissues. macc1 expression was quantified by real-time pcr in 30 adenomas and 30 normal tissues. macc1 expression was quantified by real-time pcr in 30 adenomas and 30 normal tissues. macc1 expression was quantified

[72/100] index 210592: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  sex differences in the ventilatory depression induced by morphine are largely attributed to gender differences in the peripheral chemoreflex. in male rats, morphine-induced hypoxia depresses ventilation through a peripheral chemoreflex-dependent mechanism involving the carotid bodies. this effect is mediated by the release of adrenomedullin, which is increased in response to hypoxia and morphine. in contrast, morphine-induced hypoxia depresses ventilation in female rats, but this effect is not mediated by the carotid bodies. instead, it is associated with a decrease in the activity of the pre-bötzinger complex, a critical respiratory rhythm generator. the sex difference in the peripheral chemoreflex-mediated response to morphine is associated with differences in the expression of the gene encoding the receptor for adrenomedullin, which is increased in response to hypoxia and morphine in male rats but not in female rats. these data suggest that the sex difference in the ventilatory depression induced by morphine resides within the peripheral chemoreflex loop and is associated with differences in the expression of the adrenomedullin receptor.
    final answer: yes

[73/100] index 37354: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  the aim of the present study was to evaluate the effect of the skeletonization technique on postoperative pain and disability in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting (cabg).in this prospective randomized study, 100 patients with multi-vessel disease who underwent cabg were divided into two groups of 50 patients. the surgical technique was either conventional (group 1) or skeletonization (group 2). pain scores were assessed using the visual analog scale (vas) and the mcgill pain questionnaire (mpq). the disability index was assessed using the sf-36 questionnaire. data were compared between the two groups using the paired t-test. the statistical significance was set at p < 0.05.the vas pain score was significantly lower in the skeletonization group than in the control group (p = 0.001). the mpq pain score was also significantly lower in the skeletonization group than in the control group (p = 0.001). the sf-36 disability index was significantly lower in the skeletonization group than in the control group (p = 0.001).
    final answer: yes

[74/100] index 210548: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  the reproducibility of ultrasound measurements of subcutaneous adipose tissue in infants was evaluated in a cross-sectional study conducted at a tertiary care center. the study included 100 infants (50 males, 50 females) with a median age of 6.3 months. the infants were divided into two groups according to the gestational age at birth: preterm (n = 50) and term (n = 50). the ultrasound measurements of subcutaneous adipose tissue were obtained from the infraorbital region. the median values of the measurements were 3.0 mm in preterm infants and 3.5 mm in term infants. the interoperator and intraoperator reproducibility were calculated using bland-altman analysis. the interoperator reproducibility was 0.8 mm (95% ci, 0.6-1.0) and the intraoperator reproducibility was 0.7 mm (95% ci, 0.5-0.9). there were no significant differences in the median values of the measurements between the preterm and term infants (p =.8). the bland-altman plots showed that the agreement between the operators was good, with 95% of the data points falling within 1 sd of the average measurement.
    final answer: yes

[75/100] index 142341: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  the study had a pre- and postintervention period. the data were collected from the residents' questionnaires and the procedure logging system. the primary outcome measure was the percentage of residents who documented at least 1 of the 5 important items. the secondary outcome measure was the percentage of residents who documented all 5 important items. the data were compared between the pre- and postintervention periods. the chi2 test was used to compare the percentages of residents who documented at least 1 of the 5 important items and all 5 important items before and after the implementation of the automated procedure logging system. the p value was less than 0.001 for both the primary and secondary outcome measures, indicating that the automated procedure logging system significantly improved the documentation compliance of residents.
    final answer: yes

[76/100] index 117432: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes . adiponectin is a protein secreted from adipose tissue and has been shown to have anti-inflammatory and anti-atherogenic properties. in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus (t1dm), plasma adiponectin levels are often decreased. however, the relationship between plasma adiponectin levels and microangiopathy in t1dm patients is not well known. the aim of the present study was to evaluate the relationship between plasma adiponectin levels and microangiopathy in t1dm patients.we studied 100 consecutive patients with t1dm who underwent a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test and were divided into two groups according to the median plasma adiponectin level. the presence of microangiopathy was assessed by the presence of microalbuminuria, retinopathy, and neuropathy. plasma adiponectin levels were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. the presence of microangiopathy was identified in 34 patients (34.0%). the presence of microangiopathy was associated with increased age, body mass index, systolic blood pressure, and hba1c levels. plasma adiponectin levels were significantly lower in patients with microangiopathy than in those without microangiopathy (0.046 ± 0.013 vs. 0.053 ± 0.012 mg/ml, p = 0.001). in addition, the presence of microangiopathy was associated with a higher

[77/100] index 23911: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes  to evaluate the effect of guava leaves polyphenolics-rich extract on the serum urate, renal function, blood pressure and oxidative stress markers in guinea pigs with induced gout and hypertension.    thirty guinea pigs were divided into 5 groups of 6 animals. the animals in group i served as control. the animals in group ii, iii, iv and v were treated with allopurinol (100, 200 and 300 mg/kg) and guava leaves polyphenolics-rich extract (100, 200 and 300 mg/kg) respectively. serum urate, serum creatinine, blood pressure, serum mda, serum sod, serum cat, serum gpx, serum glutathione and serum alt/ast levels were measured in all groups.    serum urate was significantly higher in group ii, iii and iv than in group i. serum creatinine was significantly higher in group ii, iii and iv than in group i. serum mda was significantly lower in group v than in group ii, iii and iv. serum sod, cat and gpx were significantly higher in group v than in group ii, iii and iv. serum glutathione was significantly higher in group v than in group ii, iii and iv. serum alt/ast was significantly lower in group v than in group ii, iii and iv. serum blood pressure was significantly higher in group ii, iii and iv than in group i. serum mda was significantly

[78/100] index 21088: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .    the purpose of this study was to evaluate the diagnostic value of preoperative ct scan for distinguishing thymoma from intrathymic cysts. a total of 100 patients with thymoma or intrathymic cysts were enrolled in this study. the diagnostic values of the ct scan for distinguishing thymoma from intrathymic cysts were evaluated by receiver operating characteristic (roc) curve analysis. the diagnostic values of the ct scan for distinguishing thymoma from intrathymic cysts were evaluated by roc curve analysis. the diagnostic values of the ct scan for distinguishing thymoma from intrathymic cysts were evaluated by roc curve analysis.    the sensitivity, specificity and area under the roc curve (auc) of the ct scan for distinguishing thymoma from intrathymic cysts were 0.708, 0.882 and 0.819, respectively. the auc of the ct scan for distinguishing thymoma from intrathymic cysts was higher than that of the size of thymoma. the auc of the ct scan for distinguishing thymoma from intrathymic cysts was higher than that of the size of thymoma.    the size of thymoma was the only independent risk factor for the presence of thymoma (odds ratio, 3.000; 95% confidence interval, 1.300-7.000; p =.01

[79/100] index 83900: judge verdict 'yes'
Explanation: yes  to investigate the role of mecp2 in pain transmission, the pain model of neuropathic pain was induced in adult male mice by chronic constriction of the sciatic nerve. the expression of mecp2, phosphorylated creb (pcreb), and mir-132 was detected by qrt-pcr and western blot. the effects of mecp2, pcreb, and mir-132 on the expression of drg-expressed nav1.8 were detected by rt-pcr and western blot. the effects of rna interference (rnai) against mecp2, pcreb, and mir-132 on neuropathic pain were detected by behavioral test. the effects of mecp2, pcreb, and mir-132 on the expression of nav1.8 were detected by western blot. the effects of mecp2, pcreb, and mir-132 on the expression of nav1.8 were detected by western blot. the effects of mecp2, pcreb, and mir-132 on the expression of nav1.8 were detected by western blot. the effects of mecp2, pcreb, and mir-132 on the expression of nav1.8 were detected by western blot. the effects of mecp2, pcreb, and mir-132 on the expression of nav1.8 were detected by western blot. the effects of mecp2,

[80/100] index 133153: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes  passive smoking is known to cause acute changes in lung function and gas exchange. the aim of this study was to assess the effects of passive smoking on lung function, gas exchange, and alveolar-capillary permeability in healthy subjects. eighty healthy volunteers were randomly assigned to breathe air from a room with smokers (n=40) or non-smokers (n=40). lung function, gas exchange, and alveolar-capillary permeability were measured by single-breath washout (sbw) analysis. sbw data were compared between the two groups. the alveolar-capillary permeability for nitrogen was calculated from the nitrogen concentration gradient between exhaled and inspired breaths. the alveolar-capillary permeability for carbon dioxide was calculated from the carbon dioxide concentration gradient between exhaled and inspired breaths. the alveolar-capillary permeability for water vapor was calculated from the water vapor concentration gradient between exhaled and inspired breaths. the alveolar-capillary permeability for oxygen was calculated from the oxygen concentration gradient between exhaled and inspired breaths. the alveolar-capillary permeability for carbon dioxide was calculated from the carbon dioxide concentration gradient between exhaled and inspired breaths. the alveolar-capillary permeability for water vapor was calculated from the water vapor concentration gradient between exhaled and inspired breaths. the alveolar-capillary permeability for oxygen was calculated from the oxygen concentration gradient between exhaled and inspired breaths.

[81/100] index 128263: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  hematoma formation is a well-known complication of vascular access device (vad) implantation. the risk factors for this complication include patient-related factors (age, gender, body mass index, smoking, and diabetes mellitus), procedural factors (site of access, type of vad, and operator experience), and device-related factors (type of device and cannula size). the impact of antiplatelet therapy on the risk of hematoma formation after vad implantation has not been well studied. this study aimed to investigate the effect of antiplatelet therapy on the risk of hematoma formation after vad implantation in the clopidogrel era.we retrospectively analyzed 1,000 consecutive patients who underwent vad implantation. the study included 500 patients who received vads before the introduction of clopidogrel (clopidogrel-negative group) and 500 patients who received vads after the introduction of clopidogrel (clopidogrel-positive group). the primary outcome measure was the development of hematoma at the site of vad implantation. secondary outcome measures included the incidence of vad-related complications and the time to hematoma development. the study included 500 patients who received vads before the introduction of clopidogrel (clopidogrel-negative group) and 500 patients who received vads after the introduction of clopidogrel (clopidogrel-positive group). the study included 500

[82/100] index 28588: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  memantine, an n-methyl-d-aspartate (nmda) receptor antagonist, has been shown to protect neurons from excitotoxicity in various models of neurodegeneration. glaucoma is characterized by progressive loss of retinal ganglion cells (rgcs) and their axons, which form the optic nerve. the lateral geniculate nucleus (lgn) is the main thalamic relay for visual information. the purpose of the present study was to determine whether nmda receptor antagonism with memantine could prevent lgn neuronal atrophy in the experimental glaucoma model.  the experimental glaucoma model was induced in 12 adult sprague-dawley rats by the intraocular injection of 40 μl of 40 mg/ml becaplermin (a collagenase) into the anterior chamber. the rats were divided into two groups: a control group (n = 6) and an experimental group (n = 6). the rats in the experimental group were treated with memantine (30 mg/kg, i.p.) for 30 days. the rats were killed after 30 days, and the lgn was dissected and processed for histological analysis. the number of neurons in the lgn was quantified by the counting of neun-positive cells. the thickness of the lgn was measured by the caliper. the expression of nmda receptor subunits was quantified by western blot. the expression

[83/100] index 79022: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  the aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of the size of metastatic deposits on the prognosis of patients undergoing pulmonary metastasectomy for colorectal cancer. between 1990 and 2003, 255 patients with colorectal cancer and pulmonary metastases were treated with surgical resection. the median follow-up was 64 months. the median size of the pulmonary metastases was 3.5 cm. the 5-year overall survival (os) rate was 44.1% and the disease-free survival (dfs) rate was 34.6%. the 5-year os rate was 48.1% in patients with single pulmonary metastases (n = 143) and 33.3% in patients with multiple pulmonary metastases (n = 112). the 5-year dfs rate was 43.8% in patients with single pulmonary metastases and 28.6% in patients with multiple pulmonary metastases. the 5-year dfs rate was 48.1% in patients with single pulmonary metastases and no lymph node involvement (n = 83) and 33.3% in patients with multiple pulmonary metastases and no lymph node involvement (n = 29). the 5-year dfs rate was 43.8% in patients with single pulmonary metastases and no lymph node involvement and no extra-thoracic disease (n = 83) and 28.6% in patients with multiple pulmonary metastases

[84/100] index 144511: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes  diabetic foot infections are a common complication in diabetic patients. the management of diabetic foot infections is challenging and requires a multidisciplinary approach. the management of diabetic foot infections is challenging and requires a multidisciplinary approach. the management of diabetic foot infections is challenging and requires a multidisciplinary approach. the management of diabetic foot infections is challenging and requires a multidisciplinary approach. the management of diabetic foot infections is challenging and requires a multidisciplinary approach. the management of diabetic foot infections is challenging and requires a multidisciplinary approach. the management of diabetic foot infections is challenging and requires a multidisciplinary approach. the management of diabetic foot infections is challenging and requires a multidisciplinary approach. the management of diabetic foot infections is challenging and requires a multidisciplinary approach. the management of diabetic foot infections is challenging and requires a multidisciplinary approach. the management of diabetic foot infections is challenging and requires a multidisciplinary approach. the management of diabetic foot infections is challenging and requires a multidisciplinary approach. the management of diabetic foot infections is challenging and requires a multidisciplinary approach. the management of diabetic foot infections is challenging and requires a multidisciplinary approach. the management of diabetic foot infections is challenging and requires a multidisciplinary approach. the management of diabetic foot infections is challenging and requires a multidisciplinary approach. the management of diabetic foot infections is challenging and requires a multidisciplinary approach. the management of diabetic foot infections is challenging and requires a multidisc

[85/100] index 76307: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  the aim of the present study was to investigate the association between serum interleukin 10 (il-10) levels and residual kidney function (rf) and the risk of vascular calcification (vca) in patients on peritoneal dialysis (pd).a total of 120 patients on pd were enrolled in this study. vca was assessed by computed tomography scan. serum il-10 levels and rf were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay and 24-h urine creatinine excretion, respectively. the data were analyzed using spearman's rank correlation coefficient and logistic regression analysis. the risk factors for vca were identified by multivariate logistic regression analysis.the median age of the patients was 58.8 ± 14.1 years, and the median duration of pd was 48.0 ± 43.1 months. the incidence of vca was 24.2%. serum il-10 levels were significantly lower in patients with vca than in those without vca (p = 0.001). rf was also significantly lower in patients with vca than in those without vca (p = 0.001). in multivariate logistic regression analysis, low serum il-10 levels (hazard ratio [hr] = 2.0; 95% confidence interval [ci] = 1.1-3.7; p = 0.02) and rf (hr = 3.0;

[86/100] index 185220: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes . the aim of this study was to evaluate the reliability of the en 455-3 modified lowry assay for the quantification of ige-binding proteins in latex gloves. the en 455-3 standard is based on the lowry assay, but it includes additional steps to improve the accuracy of the quantification of ige-binding proteins. the en 455-3 standard includes the use of a proteinase k treatment to remove non-ige-binding proteins, and the use of a 2% sodium dodecyl sulfate (sds) solution to denature proteins. the en 455-3 standard also includes the use of a 2% sds solution to denature proteins and the addition of 0.1 m dithiothreitol (dtt) to the sample before the assay. the en 455-3 standard also includes the use of a 2% sds solution to denature proteins and the addition of 0.1 m dithiothreitol (dtt) to the sample before the assay. the en 455-3 standard also includes the use of a 2% sds solution to denature proteins and the addition of 0.1 m dithiothreitol (dtt) to the sample before the assay. the en 455-3 standard also includes the use of a 2% sds solution to denature proteins and the addition of 0.1 m dithioth

[87/100] index 32718: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  the goal of this study was to determine whether cochlear dead regions (cdrs) limit the benefit of combining acoustic (ac) stimulation with electric stimulation (es). this was determined by comparing the speech perception thresholds (spts) in the better hearing ear of patients with cochlear implants (cis) who received ac stimulation alone, es alone, or both. the cdrs were mapped on the auditory nerve fiber map. the spts for the word recognition test were measured in the better hearing ear for patients with cis who received ac stimulation alone, es alone, or both. the spts for the word recognition test were measured in the better hearing ear for patients with cis who received ac stimulation alone, es alone, or both. the spts for the word recognition test were measured in the better hearing ear for patients with cis who received ac stimulation alone, es alone, or both. the spts for the word recognition test were measured in the better hearing ear for patients with cis who received ac stimulation alone, es alone, or both. the spts for the word recognition test were measured in the better hearing ear for patients with cis who received ac stimulation alone, es alone, or both. the spts for the word recognition test were measured in the better hearing ear for patients with cis who received ac stimulation alone, es alone, or both. the spts for the word recognition test were

[88/100] index 143508: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes  the aim of the present study was to assess the effect of heat treatment on the infectivity of parvovirus b19 (pvb19) in plasma-derived coagulation factor concentrates (pfcs). pfcs were exposed to 100 degrees c for 30 min and then tested for pvb19 infectivity by real-time pcr, cell culture, and serology. pfcs were obtained from 2 different manufacturers. pvb19 was detected in 1 of 5 samples from the first manufacturer and in 1 of 3 samples from the second manufacturer before heat treatment. after heat treatment, pvb19 was detected in 1 of 5 samples from the first manufacturer and in 2 of 3 samples from the second manufacturer. in cell culture, pvb19 was detected in 1 of 5 samples from the first manufacturer and in 2 of 3 samples from the second manufacturer after heat treatment. serum samples from patients receiving pfcs after heat treatment showed pvb19 igg antibodies in 2 of 5 samples from the first manufacturer and in 2 of 3 samples from the second manufacturer.
    final answer: yes

[89/100] index 87228: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  the compliance of thromboprophylaxis is associated with the risk of venous thromboembolism (vte) in patients undergoing hip fracture surgery. this study was based on data from the danish national patient register and the danish cancer registry. all patients with a diagnosis of hip fracture and at least 1 year of follow-up were included. the main outcome measure was the incidence of vte. the study period was from 1997 to 2010. the study population consisted of 18, 445 patients. the incidence of vte was 4.3% in the non-compliant group and 2.1% in the compliant group (p < 0.001). the incidence of vte was 3.4% in the patients who received low molecular weight heparin (lmwh) and 2.1% in the patients who received oral anticoagulants (p = 0.001). the incidence of vte was 4.3% in the patients who received no thromboprophylaxis and 2.1% in the patients who received lmwh (p < 0.001). the incidence of vte was 3.4% in the patients who received lmwh and 2.1% in the patients who received oral anticoagulants (p = 0.001). the incidence of vte was 4.3% in the patients who

[90/100] index 141632: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes . the effect of the recumbent position on the risk of intravascular injection of local anaesthetics during epidural insertion was assessed in a prospective study of 1000 patients. patients were randomly allocated to either a supine or a lateral recumbent position. the incidence of intravascular injection was 0.8% in the supine group and 0.2% in the lateral recumbent group (p = 0.001). the incidence of complications was also significantly lower in the lateral recumbent group (0.2% vs 0.8%, p = 0.001). the incidence of needle misplacement was also significantly lower in the lateral recumbent group (0.2% vs 0.8%, p = 0.001). the incidence of postdural puncture was not significantly different between the two groups (0% vs 0%, p = 1). the incidence of headache was significantly lower in the lateral recumbent group (0% vs 0.8%, p = 0.001). the incidence of nerve injury was not significantly different between the two groups (0% vs 0%, p = 1). the incidence of systemic toxicity was not significantly different between the two groups (0% vs 0%, p = 1). the incidence of epidural abscess was not significantly different between the two groups (0% vs 0%, p = 1).

[91/100] index 53268: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes . the primary aim of this study was to compare the effects of a single dose of bretschneider htk cardioplegia (bretschneider) with a multidose cold oxygenated blood (cold-b) perfusion regimen on myocardial function and histology after clinical reperfusion in pigs. thirty-six pigs were randomly allocated to bretschneider (n = 18) or cold-b (n = 18) group. myocardial function was assessed by echocardiography and histology was evaluated by light microscopy. myocardial injury was quantified by the troponin i (tni) assay. the primary outcome measure was the peak systolic wall stress (ss).

    in bretschneider group, peak ss was 3.8 ± 0.7 bar, and peak ss in cold-b group was 3.1 ± 0.7 bar (p = ns). myocardial injury was quantified by tni assay, and the levels of tni were 0.08 ± 0.02 ng/ml in bretschneider group and 0.06 ± 0.02 ng/ml in cold-b group (p = ns). myocardial histology showed no difference in the incidence of myocardial necrosis between the bretschneider and cold-b groups. in bretschneider group, the incidence of myocardial necrosis was 22/18 (122/180

[92/100] index 209565: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  in the present study, we have identified a few patients with severe gastrointestinal dysmotility who had low levels of enteric gnrh. these patients had a history of chronic abdominal pain, weight loss, and dysphagia. they had normal serum fsh and lh levels, but their peripheral gnrh levels were significantly lower than in controls. in addition, they had low levels of gnrh in the enteric nervous system. in vitro studies showed that gnrh stimulated the release of acetylcholine from enteric neurons. in addition, gnrh stimulated the release of motilin, which is a hormone that stimulates gastrointestinal motility. in contrast, the gnrh receptor antagonist (gnrha) inhibited the release of acetylcholine and motilin. these data suggest that gnrh plays a role in the regulation of gastrointestinal motility in humans.
    final answer: yes

[93/100] index 158121: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  the purpose of this study was to determine the degree of adherence to the american cancer society's (acs) adult cancer survivor guidelines for diet and physical activity among adult survivors of childhood cancer. a cross-sectional survey was conducted among adult survivors of childhood cancer who had completed treatment for at least 5 years. the survey included questions about demographic characteristics, cancer type, treatment, physical activity, and dietary habits. adherence to acs guidelines was calculated using a previously validated survey instrument. the survey was distributed to 1,000 adult survivors of childhood cancer who had completed treatment for at least 5 years. of the 1,000 surveys distributed, 1,046 were returned (105.6% response rate). the mean age of the participants was 37.1 ± 11.1 years, and 55.1% were female. the most common cancer diagnoses were acute lymphoblastic leukemia (34.6%), non-hodgkin lymphoma (23.1%), and brain tumors (14.1%). the most common cancer treatments were cranial radiation (44.8%), chemotherapy (43.8%), and surgery (24.5%). the median physical activity level was 3.5 (interquartile range [iqr], 2.0-5.0), and the median adherence to acs guidelines was 3.0 (iqr, 2.0-4.0). adherence to acs guidelines was significantly lower among

[94/100] index 143453: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  erythropoietin (epo) has been shown to have protective effects on the cardiovascular system. the aim of the present study was to evaluate the effect of epo on cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in patients with chronic ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (capd).a total of 100 patients with capd were divided into two groups: the epo group (n = 50) and the control group (n = 50). the patients in the epo group received epo 10,000 iu/week for 12 weeks, and those in the control group received no treatment. the primary outcome measure was the incidence of cardiovascular events. secondary outcome measures included the levels of soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (sicam-1), soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (svcam-1), soluble p-selectin (sp-selectin), and soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor-1 (stnfr-1). the levels of erythropoietin (epo) were measured in all patients before and after treatment. the incidence of cardiovascular events was calculated in both groups. the data were compared using the chi-squared test and t-test. the levels of sicam-1, svcam-1, sp-selectin, and stnfr-1 were compared using the paired t-test. the levels of epo were compared using the paired t-test. the incidence

[95/100] index 154040: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  the main goal of this study was to evaluate the accuracy of the dosimetry calculated by the treatment planning system (tps) for imrt and vmat plans using a pinpoint ionization chamber (pic) as a dosimetry verification tool. the tps was compared to the measured dose using a pic for the delivery of 15 vmat and 15 imrt plans. the dose was measured at the point of interest (poi) of each beamlet in the vmat and imrt plans. the dose at the poi was calculated by the tps and compared to the measured dose. the percentage difference between the calculated and measured dose was calculated for each beamlet. the dose at the poi was calculated for each beamlet in the vmat and imrt plans. the dose at the poi was calculated by the tps and compared to the measured dose. the percentage difference between the calculated and measured dose was calculated for each beamlet. the dose at the poi was calculated for each beamlet in the vmat and imrt plans. the dose at the poi was calculated by the tps and compared to the measured dose. the percentage difference between the calculated and measured dose was calculated for each beamlet. the dose at the poi was calculated for each beamlet in the vmat and imrt plans. the dose at the poi was calculated by the tps and compared to the measured dose. the percentage difference between the

[96/100] index 75407: judge verdict 'yes'
Explanation: yes .  illicit drugs are often mixed with other substances, which can lead to unpredictable and dangerous effects. the quality of these drugs can vary greatly, and the presence of pharmaceuticals can increase the risk of adverse events. the presence of pharmaceuticals in illicit drugs can lead to unpredictable and dangerous effects. the quality of these drugs can vary greatly, and the presence of pharmaceuticals can increase the risk of adverse events. the presence of pharmaceuticals in illicit drugs can lead to unpredictable and dangerous effects. the quality of these drugs can vary greatly, and the presence of pharmaceuticals can increase the risk of adverse events. the presence of pharmaceuticals in illicit drugs can lead to unpredictable and dangerous effects. the quality of these drugs can vary greatly, and the presence of pharmaceuticals can increase the risk of adverse events. the presence of pharmaceuticals in illicit drugs can lead to unpredictable and dangerous effects. the quality of these drugs can vary greatly, and the presence of pharmaceuticals can increase the risk of adverse events. the presence of pharmaceuticals in illicit drugs can lead to unpredictable and dangerous effects. the quality of these drugs can vary greatly, and the presence of pharmaceuticals can increase the risk of adverse events. the presence of pharmaceuticals in illicit drugs can lead to unpredictable and dangerous effects. the quality of these drugs can vary greatly, and the presence of pharmaceuticals can increase the risk of adverse events. the presence of pharmaceuticals in illicit drugs can lead to unpredictable and dangerous effects. the quality of

[97/100] index 116651: judge verdict 'yes'
Explanation: yes . ischaemia and reperfusion during open abdominal aortic aneurysm (aaa) surgery induce extensive thrombin generation and activity. thrombin generation was assessed by the calibrated optical pathway thrombin generation assay. the generation of thrombin was quantified by the amount of fibrinogen converted to fibrin. the generation of thrombin was quantified by the amount of fibrinogen converted to fibrin clots. thrombin generation was quantified by the amount of fibrinogen converted to fibrin clots. the generation of thrombin was quantified by the amount of fibrinogen converted to fibrin clots. thrombin generation was quantified by the amount of fibrinogen converted to fibrin clots. the generation of thrombin was quantified by the amount of fibrinogen converted to fibrin clots. thrombin generation was quantified by the amount of fibrinogen converted to fibrin clots. the generation of thrombin was quantified by the amount of fibrinogen converted to fibrin clots. thrombin generation was quantified by the amount of fibrinogen converted to fibrin clots. the generation of thrombin was quantified by the amount of fibrinogen converted to fibrin clots. thrombin generation was quantified by the amount of fibrinogen converted to fibrin clots. the generation of thrombin was quantified by the amount of fibrinogen converted to

[98/100] index 24020: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  soluble cd146 (scd146) is a circulating endothelial cell-derived marker that has been associated with various diseases. the aim of the present study was to evaluate the relationship between scd146 and the severity of liver disease in patients with chronic hepatitis b (chb).a total of 100 chb patients were enrolled in this study. the patients were divided into two groups according to the child-pugh score (cps). the levels of scd146 were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. the expression of cd146 on the surface of endothelial cells was detected by flow cytometry. the levels of scd146 were significantly higher in the cps 3 group than in the cps 1 and 2 groups (p < 0.001). scd146 levels were positively correlated with the degree of liver dysfunction (p < 0.001) and the degree of fibrosis (p < 0.001). scd146 levels were significantly higher in the patients with hbv-related decompensated cirrhosis than in the patients with uncomplicated chb (p < 0.001). scd146 expression on the surface of endothelial cells was significantly higher in the patients with cps 3 than in the patients with cps 1 and 2 (p < 0.001). scd146 expression on the surface of endothelial cells was positively correlated with the degree of liver dysfunction (p < 0

[99/100] index 156313: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .  catalpol, a compound extracted from radix trachelospermum, has been reported to have neuroprotective effects. the aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of catalpol on the cholinergic system in the hippocampus of rats with cerebral ischemia/reperfusion (i/r) injury. the effects of catalpol on the cholinergic system were evaluated by measuring the release of acetylcholine (ach), the expression of choline acetyltransferase (chat), and the activity of cholinesterase (che). the effects of catalpol on nicotinic acetylcholine receptors (nachrs) were evaluated by measuring the release of ach and the expression of α3, β2, and γ2 subunits of nachrs. the effects of catalpol on the cholinergic system were also evaluated by measuring the expression of chat and the activity of che in the hippocampus of rats with i/r injury. the effects of catalpol on the cholinergic system were also evaluated by measuring the release of ach, the expression of chat, and the activity of che in the hippocampus of rats with i/r injury. the effects of catalpol on the cholinergic system were also evaluated by measuring the release of ach and the expression of α3, β2, and γ2 subunits of nachrs in the hippocampus of rats

[100/100] index 209173: judge verdict 'no'
Explanation: yes .    sperm acrosin activity was measured by fluorescence microscopy using acrosin inhibitor n-α-tosyl-l-phenylalanyl-λ-napthylamide (tpn) and quantified by fluorescence intensity (fi). the results were correlated with ivf-et outcome. a total of 100 patients undergoing ivf-et were enrolled. the average age of the patients was 35.3 ± 4.1 years, and the average body mass index (bmi) was 24.8 ± 4.2. the average number of oocytes retrieved was 7.3 ± 4.1, and the average number of embryos transferred was 2.3 ± 1.1. the average pregnancy rate was 24.0%, and the average live birth rate was 16.0%. the results showed that the fi of sperm acrosin activity was significantly higher in patients with a live birth than in those without a live birth (p < 0.001). the fi of sperm acrosin activity was also significantly higher in patients with a singleton pregnancy than in those with a twin pregnancy (p = 0.001). the fi of sperm acrosin activity was also significantly higher in patients with a pregnancy with a birth weight over 1500 g than in those without a pregnancy (p = 0.001). the fi of sperm acrosin activity was also significantly higher in patients with a

FINAL: Correct: 22, Incorrect: 77, Unclear: 1, Failed: 0, Total Processed: 100
Executed in: 1253.583253 seconds
